game-hours: 345.4
review: This story requires a bit of setup. Last year, a friend of mine whom I'd known from gaming for a long time contacted me and told me about this great new game that was in beta that he was backing as a founder (called a "Grandmaster" in-game) called Warframe. A third person cooperative shooter with elements of Phantasy Star Online/Diablo loot runs, procedurally generated levels, and more content being added all the time. The game was difficult to start, as there are many keys for various secret parkour maneuvers. Running along walls! Sliding down ziplines! Soon, I was completely hooked; my friend and I were playing late into the night, trying to grind out just one more piece necessary to build a new component or weapon, or trying to beat our best time on the Survival missions -- where you fend off an ever growing wave of foes as life support ticks down. Over the year, there were many great victories, hair raising last second escapes, and new friends joining our little group. Many hours were spent joking around with each other on Skype, cracking jokes, blasting weird songs at each other, and coming up with our own stupid little catchphrases. Flash forward a year; Warframe now has space combat, new Warframes, new weapons, and new combat controls. The game still has its original style, but it's so much improved. Last week, our four player regular team developed some incredible strategies that let us get further than we ever had on wave defense missions. The only thing that made us stop was getting tired. On Tuesday, my friend who invited me to the game a year ago didn't show up that night. I found out on Wednesday that he had passed away suddenly from an undiagnosed health condition. The shock of it is still hitting us hard. The friendships that we had formed through the game, gone in an instant. It hardly feels real. I keep expecting him to log in and be there, ready to do another defense mission, and it's difficult to accept that we'll be going it alone now. We contacted Digital Extremes, the company that makes the game, and asked if there was anything we could do. They dedicated their 11/20/2014 episode of their webcast to the memory of our friend and read our memorials to him on the air. Their reactions were heartfelt and touching. They really do listen to and react to the community. I not only recommend the game for how much fun it is (I recommend you play it with a group of friends on voice chat -- up to four per session; your gameplay experience may vary alone, and form a clan or join one just because many items are clan-only), I recommend it for how responsive the game developers are to the community. They constantly improve it and add new content, items, and weapons. There is a storyline that is unfolding. The voice acting is delightful. You could easily play this game without spending a single dollar of real world currency on it (real world currency is used for cosmetics and increasing the number of Warframes and weapons you can own, or buying things that you can't wait for). Thanks, Digital Extremes. And rest in peace, Woxit.
game-hours: 2486.5
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download Warframe 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play Warframe 3) Grind for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself; that's how sure I was that it would work. Edit: A few people are adding me for help on WF. Feel free to add me if you wish, and I'll try my best to accept and answer any questions you may have, but just know I may not have time to play more than a few rounds with you :c Sorry.
game-hours: 516.2
review: first week: its ok Second week: cool game Third week: wow, great game fourth week: 300 hours? this cant be right! fifth week: 430 hours, i have a problem...
game-hours: 523.3
review: they should add skateboards for all the grinding you do
game-hours: 2944.5
review: It's like a real life girlfriend. Only far less expensive and easier to grind.
game-hours: 118.7
review: | Update (24/4/14): It has been a fairly significant chunk of time since I wrote this review of Warframe, and some elements of the game have been expanded upon in ways that alleviate some of the issues I originally had. The premium currency, platinum, can now be traded between players. This provides an option for players who do not wish to put money into the game but want to participate in using the storefront. Users in the comments have pointed out that there are many powerful items which are not available in the store - if you want them, you'll need to grind. Multiple new game modes exist, including "Invasion", a mode which allows players to team up together with the Corpus or the Grineer to work against the opposing faction. This mode gives the player some agency in the kinds of rewards he receives for completing the mission. The latest update introduced Melee 2.0, which delivered improvements to the game's melee combat. The most interesting update comes in the form of Dark Sectors. Clans and alliances can own parts of the Solar System, and can fight for that contested ownership. Clans and Alliances can also set tax and resource requirements on anyone who accesses their conquered territories, leading to territorial battles for supremacy. In conclusion, a decent amount of content has been added to the game. While the core argument of my review holds true, Warframe is finally approaching the level of depth required to elevate itself above a mere grinding game. The new "EVE Online"-esque sector mechanics are particularly promising in that regard. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | Original Review (25/11/13) A great-looking, initially interesting game that feels like one compelling part of what should be a greater whole. Warframe is an interesting entry in the free to play space. It has the looks and the gameplay, but after a while it begins to feel lacking in the way of substance. Gameplay largely involves clearing your way through various missions types as you progress in rank, leveling up your weapons and your Warframe (the game's metaphor for various Classes, each having their own unique abilities, advantages, disadvantages and so on) as you shoot a myriad of alien Grineer, infested hordes, and Corpus robots. Missions range from rescue scenarios where a hostage must be located and escorted to safety, to mobile defense missions where waves of increasingly difficult enemies must be held off as you protect a moving objective. These can all be completed solo, but are made more interesting by grouping up with other players. Higher level missions are tricky by yourself, making teaming up the more attractive proposition. Weapons and Warframes can be augmented with various modifcations that apply the standard Action RPG fare - elemental damage bonuses, increased critical hit damage, faster reload speeds, you name it. This allows for some diversity in gameplay between players, where you may opt to build out your Warframe in a more supportive role, or stock up on mods which provide a more tanky character. So far the game has been well supported with semi-regular content updates and special events, usually in the form of new warframes and weapons, and a "community effort" in which everyone can participate. The only "issue" is that the game is a bit of a grind. In fact, it's a complete grinding game. The main reason for going on missions is in the hopes of accumulating various materials with which to craft the new warframes or weapons. You can use the games "premium" currency to expedite the process of manufacturing said items (which take hours, days of real time to craft) or simply buy them outright from a storefront. Why do you want these new weapons and warframes? To grind more efficiently for materials. This might strike you as a monotonous loop, and to an extent it is, but the joy of the gameplay itself goes a way to allievating the game from being a total bore. Inevitably though you may become tired of the treadmill. The game sometimes feels like it is skirting the boundaries of being gross about its "free to play" nature - you can certainly get almost everything in the game without spending if you're willing to commit to the grind, but it can sometimes feel like game systems are designed to encourage you to give up and bring out your wallet - namely the sheer amount of materials required to craft better equipment, and the time spent waiting for these items to actually be built. It's always questionable when a F2P game includes a long timer alongside a button to make it go away for just a few pounds. Ultimately, if you're just looking for a good looking, nice playing third person shooter with online components and a decent aesthetic, you can do far worse than Warframe. After spending some time with it, however, you might wind up wishing there was a little more to the experience beyond what is currently available.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat Feeling badass flipping off walls and chopping dudes up Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play Might destroy Relationship/Marriage Could cause loss of feeling in  Might cause loss of friends 10/10
game-hours: 399.9
review: I bought a space gun using my space money, i used said gun on space zombies, I casted space magic on said space zombies, then i space ninja'd my way to the space boss, where i used my space parkour and my space sword to space kill him, I then returned to my space ship were i rubbed the space belly of my space dog. Today was a good day.
game-hours: 2938.8
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. And to top it all off, everything that impacts gameplay can be obtained for free. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Start game ---- create an account --- choose warframe --- play game --- kill enemies/rescue buddies/defend a pod/etc --- kill bosses --- open new planets --- rank up --- build new warframe --- find clan --- build new warframe --- farm farm farm --- build new weapon --- farm farm farm --- build new warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build new sentry --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a Kubrow --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a prime weapon --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- build a Prime warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- play the same new event mission x5 --- gain new mods --- polarize weapon --- XP XP XP XP XP --- need credits - T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- NEW UPDATE ---- FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING --- go build arch wing - "No resources" --- farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm - build arch wing *NO CREDITS* --- T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- build archwing *** waits 36 hours*** thats pretty much my experience on Warframe --- 10/10 ---
game-hours: 664.8
review: It's a game about space ninjas destroying space nazis and futuristic EA representatives. I don't think I need to say any more here.
game-hours: 3329.9
review: Best free to play i ever played.. just look at my play record
game-hours: 83.2
review: Nine out of Tenno
game-hours: 1585.7
review: I hate grinding as much as the next guy but there's just something soothing about it in this game.
game-hours: 2297.5
review: Warframe in it's simplest parts is a amalgamation of Mass Effect 3 shooting, old school Diablo looting / hoarding, Free Running / Parkour, and freaking space ninjas! Did I say Space Ninjas? It's really really fun living out your childhood dreams of dropkicking baddies in the face while throwing stars at a secondary target. If you ever wanted to be Bruce Lee; this is your game. It has boss fights with actual strategies, plenty of unlocks to find, lots of socializing for those that want to chit chat as much as kick things in the derriere. The new weapon damage system gives hardcore mathematicians something to theory craft about, but is as easy as Paper, Rock, Scissors in it's simplest form. Weapon choice is varied in feel thus you many choices to find the perfect weapons that suit your playstyle. Alternative playstyles such as Stealth plays a prominent role in Warframe. You can absolutely wreck targets from the shadows! You can choose between Support frames, Offensive frames, and Defensive frames for a mission. Invite your buddies or grab some guys / gals from the recruiting social channel. If you want to meet new people, join a completely randomized group of 4 players hell bent on conquering space! You have multiple saved loadout slots for free! Digital Extremes doesn't really nickle and dime you in this game like other F2P games. They do need to make a profit so they sell cosmetic items, XP boosters, warframe slots, weapon slots, and materials for those too busy to go fight. Nearly everything in the game can be acquired by doing fun events that last nearly a week so you can choose when to partake of them. They give away the best guns for free during those events. They have a XP system that also nets you some of the best guns in the game for just running missions to collect loot and crafting that loot into weapons and warframes. Leveling up those frames and weapons gives you the XP necessary to unlock the sickest weapons! This is a Play to Win game where you can buy materials to craft if you are impatient, but you can just play more and get it. Isn't playing the game the purpose of it? Of course you can buy completed Warframes for real money, but spending a couple hours of your time you can get the same thing for free. Of course you still need to buy the inventory slot for that frame to use it. At less than $1 a slot, no subscription fee, and no initial game purchase, this sounds like the steal of the century. And you don't have to buy them and still have fun, but it's nice to be able to support the developer for their time and effort. In short play this now!
game-hours: 41.4
review: There's so much grinding you would think that you're a Puerto Rican hooker...
game-hours: 1064.6
review: There is only one thing you need to know about Warframe: It's free. Oh, maybe I didn't make myself clear enough. When I say that Warframe is free, I mean, literally speaking, it is free. Still not clear enough? Alright, I'll elaborate. Apart from two different types of items - appearance items (such as skins and coloring pallets) and weapon/Warframe slots - it is possible for all players to access almost all types of in game items and entities (apart from a few that are no longer available to everyone). In this manner, it is possible for you to obtain every Warframes (characters or so to speak), every weapons, every non-visual-based items and the likes. Of course, there are conditions to fulfill, and obtaining everything will most likely take up a good portion of your time (isn't this what you are looking for?), but the point is, it is perfectly possible to play Warframe in the long run without paying a single cent. It's your choice. So, what is Warframe? In this game, you are basically a character known as "Tenno" who fights battles within a futuristic solar system. You will be teaming up with 3 other Tennos (this is a 4 player co-op game) to complete missions laid out by Lotus, a female commander issuing you orders. Nah, she is nicer than your ex-girlfriend, so don't worry about that. You will basically be facing three separate forces, Grineer, Corpus and the Infestation (think of the three races in Starcraft if you want to get a better idea). There are different types of missions, ranging from elimination, rescue, spy, to defense and rescue. As for weapons, basically you get to equip a primary weapon (rifle, shotgun, sniper and many others that are hard to categorize), a secondary weapon (categorization is hard for this as well) and a melee weapon (sword, mace, fist... you know the deal). As for your character, you will be using one out of the somewhat 10-ish (slightly less than 20, though the number is gradually increasing as more update comes by) Warframes. Each Warframe comes with different stats, such as self-repairing shields, like those in halo, health, energy (mana) and speed. Still, more importantly, each Warframe has its own unique set of 4 skills. These skills are great assets for the players as most of the times they will come in handy. One thing to note is that gender is preset, so those transsexuals don't have to fake their gender anymore, which is, well ... you decide if it's good or not. There are also mods (modifications) that you can insert into your weapons and Warframes to make them much stronger than they originally are. Oh and there are parkour. Learn how to press "WASD" + "LShift" + "LCtrl" + "Space" in fluid coordination. It will be helpful and painful, but you will definitely need them. Simple? Unlike many co-op shooters, Warframe definitely has its merits. One of the most apparent distinction of the game is that it has a leveling system that can be found in most MMOs. You can level up both your weapons and Warframes to a maximum rank of 30. Moreover, you can rank up your mods as well to make them more powerful. In this way, Warframe won't be a simple "run-shoot-kill see-score go-sleep" type of game. Never. There are things more important than that. Another merit of Warframe is that there are frequent updates. When I say frequent, I mean FREQUENT, as in one big update per month or so. There will be new game modes, Warframes, weapons, mods ... etc. I mean, come on, who thinks that L4D2 came too fast after L4D1 is released? I do. Who is still waiting for L4D3 after all these years? I am. Who thinks that Gabe Newell should fulfill the unsaid promise of completing the trilogies of Valve games? I do. Come on, we have been waiting for L4D3 and Portal 3 and HL3, and we are sick and tired of being sick and tired of waiting. This won't happen for Warframe though. The game has a gradual and comfortable pace of updating. You get new contents every now and then, and they usually blends well with the game. Usually. Still, like most games, there are pros and cons of Warframe and I have to sincerely admit that there are shortcomings with this game when compared to other games. One major shortcoming (I won't say flaw) of this game is that it lacks a concrete story line. Apart from some trivial storytelling, there really aren't much of a tale going on. There are stories told, I'm not saying there aren't, but they are rather weak. I know, that is not their aim, and that is not really the point of Warframe, but compared to the rich (though monotonous) storyline of L4D and Portal, Warframe needs to good a better job here. Also, the game can be rather repetitive. You know, this applies for most Coop shooters, so there really isn't much to say about this. Yeah, repetitive. So, in general, try Warframe. It's free. If you don't like it, drop it. Simple as that. If you do like it and if you feel that you will be playing it in the long run (like how I felt after my first 100th hours), do consider buying a little platinum to expand your weapon and Warframe slots. I bought like 19.90 USD worth of platinums. Not much, but it is the spirit that counts, right?
game-hours: 834.9
review: It'll give you back your virginity.
game-hours: 64.0
review: A grindfest better than Destiny.
game-hours: 272.2
review: Played it, liked it, got addicted to it and eventually started failing school 11/10
game-hours: 480.5
review: Great fun. It's clearly still beta as the game offers little information about how to actually set up your character, luckily the Wiki is superb. Think Left 4 Dead with Space Ninja's. Loads of classes and even more weapon variety.
game-hours: 1331.2
review: I hate this game.
game-hours: 657.4
review: Now half of you will just rate the review unhelpful because it's negative, but be reminded that every one of these problems is something I want to be fixed, not that I laugh about, read on if you care, or be one of the many who would disregard what I say because they think it's bad to point out issues, and will blindly follow Warframe to the depths of hell itself to shoot down critisizm. Look at my hours, I know what I'm talking about. Off-putting Community with really short-sighted Devs. First The Positives, +It's free to play, (With some restrictions.) +Playing with friends can be a lot of fun, the problem is trying to get them to play the game with you. (It's harder than you might think) +Combat is fun, albeit a bit buggy at times. +Weapons and frames a quite varied, making almost every item a new experience. +Not bad in terms of graphics, everything looks like plastic and rubber but hey, it's a free game. Now the Negatives... -The game is an infinite power creep. -The forums, I have never met such a nasty group of people in my life. -The game doesn't have too much grinding, the game IS grinding, you are grinding to grind more. -The game is ridiculously easy, you can get almost every item in the game in just about a month. -The paywalls, unless you only want to have two Warframes, you gotta pay up, that or attempt the horrible trading system. -The generic enemies of clones and spacemen, most of the concepts are quite unoriginal. The enemy designs seem to be based on freaking shapes, or just generic space zombies straight out of something like Halo or Dead Space. -The AI barely makes enemies a threat, they will suicide rush you solo, all while getting slaughtered. -The bugs, this is a beta game but good god, it's been out for 2 years, they simply neglect to fix them. Hell, sometimes they create more bugs than they fix. These things are so rampant, it actually makes a SERIOUS impact on the games sometimes, from camera issues to getting stuck in walls, bugs ruin SO much of the gameplay that it hurts sometimes. -The balancing, DE couldn't balance a seesaw, some items are worthless, others OP to the extreme. The developers have proved time and time again to be completely incompetent when it comes to the issue of imbalance with weapons and frames, they will leave the top teir weapons that completely outclass anything that comes near them alone, while nerfing random items that very clearly didn't need it. It makes no sense, the whole update process is an endless stream of nerfing and ignoring. They also just straight up ignore useless frames and items, theres nothing more to say, they just ignore them. -The updates, most just introduce a shiny version of something already in game, or a useless gun. -The end goal, if you don't care about a number next to your name, there is none -The asskissing, DE will release a patch to fix something THEY broke, and people thank the  out of them, yeah sure, that makes sense, not to mention ANY critisism of ANY of their decisions, (no matter how stupid they are) will be shot down by their White Knights -The gameplay, stealth is a neglected factor entirely, the whole game is just trying to get ahead of your squad to try and do more damage, any other gamemode is just killing  with some minor objective to focus on while you spam your skills or choice of over-powered weapon. -The devs greed, they will ignore major problems so that they can release a new Prime package and find more ways to suck your money out, (Like slots, for example) -The idiotic community, just go look at the wiki, every page's comments has someone  on a weapon and telling you some other one is better, they just bicker endlessly about everything. -The matchmaking, there isn't any, you have to go sit in a chat room, (Unless you join a clan, WHICH YOU SHOULD BE!) and wait for some Rhino Prime to join your game, unless you're doing normal missions, cause then you are  out of luck cause unless some random person is doing the same node at the same time, you're doomed to play it solo. -The money creep of cosmetics, every new item that comes out is more expensive than the last, you know why DE does this? Cause they know their brain-dead community will eat it the  up, and throw tons of money at the screen while mashing "THANKS DE" into their keyboard as hard as they can. -The lack of progress with updates, sure they come often, but seriously, they give us random weapons that who's gonna care about when there is elite top level gear that cannot be out-classed. The updates never bring ANYTHING new or significant. -The lack of variety in gamemodes, there's like 4 or 5 gamemodes and you better like them cause they are gonna be the only thing you play, ever. -The PvP, this should have never been added, the Conclave is straight up dead, being horribly unbalanced and incredibly laggy, (I'll get to the reason behind that next.) and Dark Sectors are controlled by clans that use DDoS and other shady tactics to force massive taxes down players throats. -The lack of servers, every game is hosted by a player, which means lag, a LOT of lag, it sometimes makes the game literally unplayable, and it's incredibly common. -The crashing, I crash 2-3 times a day on Warframe, just... my god, if I had to list the amount of times I had to Alt-F4 out of the game, this review would be three times as long. -The movement, you simply latch on to walls when you wall run, nothing feels natural, every jump, every vault, they all feel stilted and slow. Not to mention sometimes you just FLY mach 5 across the map when you jump from a sliding position, the jumps are so irregular. -The melee combat, you run up to the enemy mash the E key and you MIGHT hit them, it's completely random. And just like other weapons, melee weapons are completely unbalanced, for the most part heavy weapons are useless, and certain weapons destroy the rest hands down, its borderline . -The Argon issue, every new weapon requires Argon crystals as an artificial way to make them harder to obtain, this simply comes from DEs issue of being uncreative with ways to acquire new weaponry. -The fact that certain frames are one trick ponies, certain frames are only used for one (sometimes two) abilities, while the rest of their entire arsenal is completely ignored. -The lack of a challenge, this somewhat correspondes with the game being too easy, with a certain frame and weapon, anything can be completed by a braindead child, people actually have to make up their own end-game of getting to high waves simply to have the RISK of being defeated. -The lack of a skill requirement, as I said directly above, so long as you have the right weapon and frame, you can conqeur literally anything. There is no reward for being good at the game, in fact you don't even have to try your best, simply having the numbers 1-2-3-4 on your keyboard is enough to be just as good as anyone else. -The most ignorant developers I've ever seen, here is an example, there is a weapon called the Dark Dagger, it is awful, as every single handed dagger is. However, the hilarity insues when you realise, that the tiny Dark Dagger, is around the same speed as the giant two handed hammer Fragor. And you think that's bad? NONE of the dagger stances actually match the Dark Daggers stance polarity, NONE. That is the most idiotic thing I've ever heard in my life to be honest. If you want to play with other people, join a clan, most of the community is elitism  who don't care about the gameplay, and are simply waiting for the next prime to come out. The more people who dislike this only proves what I'm talking about with the asskissing, every one of these points is true, no matter how much people will try to deny them. Fanboys will be ignored and most likely have their rant deleted, think before you post.
game-hours: 4244.1
review: So, i playing this game nearly more than 2 years and i want to write this. This game have good graphics, but with only graphics you can't make a good game, So this game have a great choise of weapons, but 80% of them feels the same and more than half of them are not very useful with high-level enemies. And this game have a lot of enemies, but all of them feels the same and doing the same tactics, nearly only things that change with them are weapon, models and protection types (flesh, cloned flesh, robotic or ferrite armor, etc.), all enemies dies the same in your daily slaughter. Diversity of tilesets, and they all beatiful and atmospheric, but it doesn't really pays to play on 70% of tilesets. because some of them (Orokin Void which have prime parts and more XP for example) are more profitable. Archwing, it's awesome to fly in open space and shot\melee everyone who flyes near you, but right now it's just barebones, nothing more interesting in it and all of the Archwing and their specific weapons are locked behind a hard grind. Kubrow, you can got and rise your own dog-like loyal companion, but they are just running everywhere and dying and then they losts their loyality which you can refill only by 30% per day (they losts it like 20% per their dead), and their health drops about 10% per day, you need to buy refills (DNA Stabilizers, 6 things per 75,000 credits) which refill only 40% per use. and to find a egg you need to spend about 2-200 runs (depends of random and your luck) to get one. so in point of view they are just credit-sink and any normal sentinel can replace every type of doge (and sentinels don't require credits to take care of them and don't tose loyalty after death) This game have great variety of Warframes and their awesome abilities, but most of them don't have much differences other than abilities and different stats (and cool looks), and some of them are closed behind a heavy grind. This game have a nice amount of bosses (one per planet), but most of them are just plain and boring, for example you need to wait until they becone vulnerable, because they are invulnerable and you need to shot specific hit-point on them to kill them (example: Councilor Vay Hek, General Sargas Ruk, Lephantis, or Mutalist Alad V) and some of them closed behind grind to get frame which drops from them (Vay Hek(Hydroid), Lephantis(Nekros), Mutalist Alad V(Mesa)) In this game you can get every weapon\frame without paying platinum (local currency you need to buy with real-life money (but still you can get it through trade with people)), but you need to grind for them (blueprint costs credits (in-game currency you get throught missions) some blueprints requires research from Clan Dojo's laboratories, which requires credits and resources too, and blueprints requires resources and credits to craft things (Resources you can get throught missions too from killing enemies). Cool varity of mods for frames and weapons, which drops from enemies and you can make you weapon\frame more powerfull with them, but some mods are rare and some mods drops from rare enemies, and some mods are very, very close to be useless (Intruder: +6 seconds for hacking Maxed, Rifle Aptitude: +15% status chance Maxed.) But even so this game is very good, and i had a good fun with it, i'm recommending it, try to play it with friends and kill things together. 9.5/10, this game still growns and becomes more interesting with time, i hope on this game's release developments will get rid of the disadvantages in it. Honestly, this is best F2P game on Steam (don't count Valve's TF2 and Dota 2)
game-hours: 1053.8
review: I started writing a review for why after a year of playing the game, I changed my review for it from recommended to not recommended; and it ended up being far longer than is a reasonable length for a review. It is not the proper forum for me to write four pages as to what happened to the game, and why I can't suggest playing it anymore. If you want to read more on it, I suggest going to the actual forums for the game (not through Steam, but through the official website). The players there are very active in posting, and there will be a lot of threads going in detail about the faults of the game, and talking about how DE's actions have never been further out of sync from what players want from the game, and from the direction they were once taking it. Instead of writing four pages, i'll summarize it into something short and concise. Again, if you want more specifics, feel free to go look into them, but I'll summarize, as I have logged more than enough hours into the game to be very familiar with it, and what has happened. What it really boils down to is this: The company is using grind walls, and severely crowded RNG tables to deliver content. Which is one of the least creative, and worst examples of game design I have ever played. It wasn't originally going to be that way, but that is what it has become now. And considering it is supposed to be an action game, and not an MMO/RPG, the grind really kills the feel of the game, you are much less of a Space Ninja saving the solar system, and more of a mindless drone collecting resources for new weapons, all for literally no reason at all, due to the lack of story. In my 20 years of gaming experience, I have never seen a company so unwilling to work with what their player base wanted, and just outright ignore them. The community is incredibly vocal with ways to make the game more enjoyable for the players, and keep them interested, and avoid just getting burned out on the game, and patch after patch, they go ignored. From the past year of expereince with this game, the current state is that it is a fantastic concept, being delivered in one of the worst ways imaginable, by an inadequate design and balance team.
game-hours: 3287.7
review: It's ok I guess.
game-hours: 474.1
review: Playing warframe is like being an irishman- you could always use more potatoes
game-hours: 1841.9
review: eh its alright
game-hours: 893.5
review: My name is Artour Tennovsky. I grow up in small Liset to have make potatos. Lotus say "Artour, potato harvest is bad. Need you to have play professional farmski in Derelictski for make money for potato seeds for babushka." I bring honor to komrade and babushka. Sorry for is not have English. Please no  pasta. no copy pasterino frapuccino ronaldinho siniorino , this my life. This game, I love this game, teach you patience and farm tekniks to make good situation out of no situation.
game-hours: 297.2
review: Warframe is kind of like Mass Effect 3's multiplayer but better in many ways. It has a power system similar to ME3's power system, but it has a variety of missions instead of only a deffence/horde mode. It has some really cool weapons. And it has bows. These bows are what sold me when I first started. I saw a bow in the store and spent $10 to buy the thing faster than *put Flash joke here*. It's not a PvP game. Some of the Warframes, like Rhino, are REALLY OP in PvP. But overall it's a good time, especially with friends. I should note that you can buy almost anything in the game via Plat, this does lead to a "Pay 2 Win" kind of game. You can get almost anything in the game via Plat / trading, BUT you can get EVERYTHING in the game without paying anything. A lot of the weapons in the store are around 275 Plat (which is REALLY overpriced) and Warframes will run from 75-375. (which is a little better because of the pain it is to build them) I must stress here that Warframe is the most fun when you are just playing and not grinding for something. Yes, grinding is something that you HAVE to do in order to get anyware in Warframe, but (at least for me) this does not ruin the overall experience.
game-hours: 674.5
review: FarmFrame
game-hours: 197.9
review: My review of Warframe Warframe is an amazing game with a truly original story and setting. In the year 2029 Austria, birth place of Hitler, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Money Boy and Joseph Fritzl decided to place a ban on all other forms of national production. Farms were closed, factories shut down and local stores were forced out of business. The only businesses allowed to operate were the ports, for importing food to feed the now practically enslaved workforce. All national production refocused on the construction of the "Door Frame" Austria's answer to your door hanging needs. By the year 2031 rogue factions within the Austrian government decided it was time to strike, uploading a selective virus in to the entire nations production lines. This led to the creation of the "War Frame" a door frame so focused on war that it caused conflict wherever it was mounted, homes across the globe now featured Austrian doorframes and unfortunately a rogue batch of Warframes were also set loose across the globe. These Warframes were notorious, sealing front doors to homes to prevent you visiting your neighbours, sealing doorways to places of worship so people could no longer pray to their chosen gods and gradually over time the world fell to darkness and chaos, as even the doorways to power plants and gas stations refused to open. Some Warframes gained sentience and self awareness and as they saw the human uprising finally coming to fruition, their evil colleagues and companions burned in the streets and smashed to splinters they rose up to assist their human allies in the fight against their own kind. You take the role of one of nineteen types of Warframe, from Oak, to pine to cedar wood. The choices are limitless, your skills totally customizable, from 'tea tray services' to 'Opening for the elderly'. As one of the newly freed warframes, you must take up the mantle of free-DOOR-m fighter, fighting across not only earth but the moon, Mars and Titan to free the oppressed human people from their true foes, the evil Warframes of the Austrian Mega-doorframe-corp. 11/10 would open and close door again.
game-hours: 471.6
review: Step 1: Download game. Step 3: Grind. Step 4: Grind. Step 5: Grind. Step 6: Grind. Step 7: Grind. Step 8: Grind. Step 9: Grind. Step 10: Grind. Step 11: Grind. Step 12-1000000: Repeat Steps 2 to 11. Step 1000001: ??? Step 1000002: Profit?
game-hours: 49.5
review: > Is bored > Downloads Warframe > Plays Warframe > Abandons friends in a firefight > Gets a ship > Gets a gun > Grinds for 4 hours > Gets 5 XP 11/10 would grind all day for 5 XP again
game-hours: 194.9
review: >To my right was Bly as Nova with a huge- sword. >To my left was Sir Butters as Nekros with an axe. > I am Volt with Paris Prime > Bly yells "FOR FRODO" > We charge. 10/10 Would be Space Legolas again.
game-hours: 547.3
review: Definition of "Insanity": Doing the same thing over and over, and expecting a different result. This game = Insanity incarnate. Here's why: -Play the same level, over and over again, expecting to actually get a Mod/Prime/resource -Play this game over and over again, expecting it to not be the most rage-inducing game you've ever played. -Complain in the forums over and over, expecting nerfs/buffs on demand. However, I still reccomend. Somtimes it's fun to be insane....
game-hours: 0.6
review: This game is based on the biography of the Late Abraham Lincoln. It Takes place in 1998, Right after Lincoln finished his music career in Rap/Hip-hop. His number 1 single of the time was "The Fresh Prince of Bel' air" His life ended in a very tragic way, as he overdosed on prescription lincoln logs.
game-hours: 604.6
review: Once upon a time there was a bunch of glowing white people living in a magical realm of reality known as the VOID. It was in this VOID that a war raged between the glowing white people and an unknown, let's call them yellow people. In a desperate attempt to succeed, the glowing white people created magical spandex suits to contain the power of those affected by the VOID's magical glowingness. The war turned, and yet for unknown reasons the magical spandex people of the VOID turned on their former masters. Zing to the sort-of-present-in-this-universe, you play as a WARFRAME; a magical man enveloped by the most staggeringly beautiful piece of spandex to grace the seven galaxies. The magnificent contours of your spandex allows you powers beyond your wildest dreams, from jumping really high to tearing people apart with magical fire-gloves. Your magical journey through candyland starts off in a Cryotube getting ravenously bullied by blue crab-people named GRINEER; one of the 3 warring factions in this ed-up universe, comprised of clones that wear really stupid armor. In self defense, you gracefully tear the crab-people into tiny gibs and escape into your own personal ship named the LISET, accompanied by a really annoying voice named ORDIS. Your adventure continues through the black  expanse of space to further terrorize the crab-people of Earth, and rescue DARVO, tied to the CORPUS; s who care only about money and wear 80s spacesuits designed for really wierd fetish porn. After escaping the grasp of the crab-people and spacemen, the rest of the story falls into your hands, the sentience behind the spandex. Only you can write your own destiny, tell your own story, spin your own tale. Go forth, spandexman, and bring forth with you wrath the likes of which never graced by this generation, nor will ever be for generations to come. TLDR: Lots of grinding
game-hours: 524.8
review: I have a bow and arrow that can pin people to the wall. Enough said.
game-hours: 542.3
review: People may say it is a pay to win game but if you put some effort into it you'll start to get some badass stuff which is what I love about this game, VERY FUN
game-hours: 968.2
review: At its core, Warframe has the potential to be an enjoyable game. With fast-paced acrobatic combat, it evokes the feeling of old-school fast-running shooters. I even got flashbacks to The Specialists. But for every minute of enjoyment I got out of the game, an hour of disappointment presented itself. As a free-to-play game, there was an expectation for some grind. But grind is deliberately an essential part of the game, for the same reason it is in subscription-based games; to encourage users to purchase Platinum. In fact, every decision by the developer seems oriented around profit. As someone used to the hobbyist approach of indie developers, this bothered me. But even beyond that, there just isn't much of the Game here. The missions are repetitive, all factions use a swarm mentality, the AI is shallow and simple, and there isn't much variety in the weapons. The game is purely gear-based. If you don't have the correct mods (which you have to grind for) or good weapons beyond the starting gear (which is deliberately weaker than most weapons) then there's just no amount of skill that can compensate for that. Despite community feedback, weaker weapons rarely (if ever) get buffed up to the current power curve, and instead get "retired to the vault" to make room for even more powerful new purchases. Unless you're allergic to variety, there is a paywall. You only get access to a paltry amount of slots for Warframes and weapon slots, and you can only purchase them with platinum. You can't even grind for them like you need to with everything else. So if you want to try a new frame, be prepared to sell the old one. Finally, just as most free-to-play games, the price of in-game currency is bloated beyond belief. The cheapest Warframe costs 75 platinum, which is a $5 purchase. More expensive frames cost up to $20 worth of platinum. For that price, you could just get another game. There are occasionally discounts you can receive for logging in daily, but these are exceedingly rare. Overall, despite how many hours this game has given me, I just can't recommend it. Most of those hours I can't even recall, as they consisted of mindless farming for Neurodes or Orokin cells so I could have something new to play with. But only a small part of it was actually fun. If you really love grind, or repetitive, shallow gameplay, you might like it. But if you want challenge, depth, or a developer that cares about more than making money, this game isn't for you.
game-hours: 634.8
review: You are Tenno. What is Tenno? Nobody really knows. All they see is the suit. The Frame. Beautiful and deadly. An instrument of war and destruction. You awaken, weak and powerless, with no memory of who or what you are. Vay Hek, leader of the Grineer, the genetically modified mechanically enhanced remnants of humanity, is after you. He wants to harness the power of your Warframe to fuel his campaign for galaxy wide domination. You cannot defeat him. You must escape. If you somehow manage to elude Vay Hek, and escape into the depths of the dark and unforgiving galaxy, you might just encounter other lost and memoryless Frames. Perhaps your race has a chance for survival. As you explore the galaxy, you are guided by a mysteriously entity known only as "Lotus". For reasons unknown, Lotus has taken an interest in the Tenno, and appears to be on your side. For Now. Your mission: Disrupt the three dominant powers of the galaxy through terrorist missions and guerrilla warfare. Amass the most powerfull and exotic weapons and frames known to galactic life. Discover the mysteries of the galaxy, and the secrets of the Tenno Race. If you can do all this, maybe there is hope after all.
game-hours: 108.3
review: Want to be a Ninja? In Space? With a sexy tight suit? Then get this game, it's free anyway.
game-hours: 2337.2
review: I'm just gonna be simple with this: No pay to win AT ALL, there is a lot of maps that are also randomly generated and you can have a clan with your friends too in which you can create a dojo to duel in, research weapons and do much more. There is a trading system in which you can get Platinum (basically SpaceBucks so you don't have to buy it rather just trade rare items for it). It's mostly a PVE game but PVP is fun too although with bad hosts it can suck a bit. I have around 2000 hours in this game at the moment and I enjoyed every single bit of it. In the end you are a space ninja that can wallrun, use crazy abilties and be badass :D. 10/10 and it's still in beta, I'm impressed. REALLY FUN MUST GET.
game-hours: 1525.2
review: Please ensure that your firewall permits UDP ports 4950 & 4955. Could not update account information, progress was not saved. Your display driver has stopped working and needs to restart. Ten(no) out of Ten(no)
game-hours: 13.7
review: For a TPS, it's a blow-up. I stabbed a guy in the balls and shot it until it came off. 11/10
game-hours: 371.8
review: went to grind so much I ended up in a corner office of a theripist... he said I had an addiction. I asked him what kind?! His only response was, THE SAME DAMN ADDICTION I HAVE, Now pay me AND GTFO, I need the money to pay for more Platinum you fool!!! 10/10 would grind again
game-hours: 15.1
review: This game is soooo well made! It's the best free to play I've played. It's a fun free to play, yay! I love the way you don't even need to pay out real money into this game to get that epic gear you want. Good work, DE.
game-hours: 159.5
review: Everytime I return to this game, I always get excited to see what I could do. Everytime I leave this game, I always have the same feeling.
game-hours: 1492.3
review: Warframe is a fast paced RPG, Hack and Slash, and Third Person Shooter mix that blend concepts from popular games like Halo, Assassins Creed, and Call of Duty into one jam packed free-to-play online game. This game supports nearly every play style, and there is no one way to play. Unlike other games with four or five classes, this game includes 20 unique armors with unique skills to aid in your fight and with new ones added frequently. Also unlike most other free-to-play games it is not pay-to-win. Granted, you can only go so far in the game without the special currency which you have to use to get extra slots to store your armor and weapons, but thats is one of the best parts of this game, you dont have to spend a penny to get this currency, you can trade it with other players for things youve obtained in your missions that they need, you know how some people want to just buy their way to the end of the game, so there are always people buying and selling things to each other passing around this currency to each other. As far as the graphics go I am extremely impressed. The graphics surpass those of a lot of games that cost $40+ and still remain free-to-play. The gameplay is even more impressive, with 20 different warframes to choose from and each having unique abilities, the game is very dynamic. The way I might use my favorite warframe might not work for you and you might be killed frequently while I blaze through killing everyone. Also there is a miniature card game involved and each warframe and every weapon has slots where the cards go drastically changing the stats, survivability, and the abilities of your warframe and weapons. These mods are sometimes dropped by your fallen enemies with different enemies having different mods they can drop. These mods can also be traded with other players for the special currency, other mods, or for blueprints for special items found only in a special kind of mission. Which brings me to another aspect of the game: crafting. As you progress through the levels you will pick up materials that you use to build new weapons, armors, and some very useful equipment. Different locations have different components that drop from them. Being a game that takes place in space, each of the different locations is an entire planet, although most of the time your missions are inside the ships orbiting these planets. Each planet has most of its nodes ruled by a single one of the factions, from time to time there will be missions where you support one of the factions to either invade and take over the node or defend it from the opposing faction. There are three distinct factions: The Corpus, The Grineer, and the infestation. The Grineer are the first faction you come into contact with, they rule the entire first planet and are the faction in the tutorial. They are a race of humans deteriorated from years of excessive cloning. They are heavily armored units with standard bullet shooting guns and feature everything from standard machine guns to flamethrowers and rocket launchers. The next faction is The Corpus. These troops are a mix between robots with mounted laser guns and cyborgs with different laser shooting guns. These units also have recharging shields like those seen in Halo. This factions weaponry is comprised of mostly repeating energy guns, again much like those in Halo, and continuous beam lasers, also like those in Halo. Another Faction is the Infested. These are troops from the Grineer and Corpus that have been afflicted with a parasitic growth that takes over and changes their bodies, a lot of Halo references here, these being completely identical to the flood in how they work. These units are almost all melee units that are very strong and attack in swarms. As far as weapons go they have their claws and the heavier unit will slap you with its stretching arm. Almost every planet has their own boss which will randomly drop one of the three pieces you craft to form you new set of armor. Each boss has its own set of skills which most of the time will have some correlation to the warframe obtained from killing them. For example the boss General Sargus Ruk uses a flamethrower and has a variety of fire based abilities he uses to try and burn you alive. Upon his defeat he will drop one of the three parts needed to craft Ember, a fire based warframe with two abilities nearly identical to those of Ruk. While on the subject of bosses, I am going to mention another of my favorite features. Upon killing a boss you have a chance to receive a death mark. Getting one of these will give you a chance to have a deadly assassin, appropriately named The Stalker; spawn randomly into literally any mission many levels above you with extremely overpowered weapons. He is thought to be a rogue Tenno, those who can use the warframe armors, and has the same weapon load outs and many abilities shared with other warframe armors. As far as weapon load outs go, you may carry around a primary, secondary, and melee weapon, and have the choice of only bringing one weapon with you if you would like to. With this comes even more diversity in play styles. Personally I prefer t use mostly just a melee weapon, relying on a powerful long range primary and short range secondary for those tricky kills. Others might use only there primary weapon completely ignoring their secondary and melee weapons. Each weapon can be outfitted with mods to drastically change how the weapon works, one mod can cause your weapon to fire two bullets at time, while another may cause your weapons bullets to travel through enemies and objects such as walls or doors. Right now there are nearly 350 of these mods with new ones added all the time. There is also a large variety of mission types. Some of these include defending a certain object from the enemy, destroying targets such as the ships power core, or special machinery, to straight up kill everything on the ship. This game also includes a very popular RPG tool: customization. On top of the mods you add into your weapons/armor, you can also customize the clor of your weapons and armor, and there are special attachments, bought with that special currency or obtained through one of the frequent events. As a paid game I would give this a 9/10, but being completely free-to-play it gets a 10/10. Definitely a game worth trying, and if you dont like it you can just delete it with no worry about money you waited because its free
game-hours: 1035.3
review: Run sliding is so addicting that you will be trying to do it in every other game you play, and then get upset with the fact that you can't.
game-hours: 438.9
review: Mindless farming. Farm 20 hours to get a new weapon, then use said weapon to farm another 20 hours for another weapon. Repeat.
game-hours: 343.5
review: Space Ninjas, Cloned flesh that say "GREAT SWORD OF GLENN," and robo-dudes with box heads. 11/10
game-hours: 295.9
review: This is the only game where I can run through a wall and die after falling 1000m. Elevators work too.
game-hours: 837.0
review: Eh, it's okay.
game-hours: 58.5
review: Space Ninjas
game-hours: 1804.9
review: Jebus chrst of Cyborg Space Ninjas with pirates, parcore, and a birdy. Much fun, very grind, so builds, wow
game-hours: 317.9
review: They banned my account for requesting the support to refund me. I spend real money to buy an ingame item which they deleted.
game-hours: 216.0
review: Still 1 of games that i still play for many years. -Gunshooting? Checked! -Super Power? Checked! -Melee Weapon? Checked! -Various Armor? Checked! -Customize Skill & Passive Ability? Checked! -Customize Color & Style Appearance? Checked! -Hardcore Mode? Checked! -Co-OP Win freind? Checked! -F2P Not P2W? Checked!
game-hours: 627.0
review: First of all, I have quite a number of hours under my belt, so I think I can express my opinion without being called out. When it was in beta form, the game was extremely promising.Once released commercially, it, slowly but steadily, started to become more and more of a grindfest.For first timers, it might be fun and exciting to build and craft, but as time goes by, it gets a chore and eventually the rewarding part loses it's nature. Of course the player can cut through the time consuming process by buying directly the weapons/items/frames.I think that it's not a "pay to win" tactic, (it is a free to play title), but rather "pay to save time" one.Still it will eventually tire someone, it's just a matter of reaching one's limits when he says "I 'm done with this".I personally would prefer to buy this title, and then have DLC's coming out every now and then. Moreover, the game left the player with only one viable option to complete a hefty number of important missions, if not most: rely on finding a group to help him out.Solo play has gone out of the window and multiplayer only has taken its place, and the problem becomes bigger when he sets out to craft prime weapons and frames. While admittedly the graphics and sound are top notch (although in some cases it can get to more like a colorful blurry chaos, like bad acid) , the same cannot be said about the story.There's some background information, but remains just that.Most of it never gets represented in the game, it's just background info.Lotus, the most important person that 99% of your time gives you orders and guides you through missions, gets only depicted through an intercom window.You never (so far) see her in person. The missions are simple, like 'go there, kill X person or detroy X item, exfil' or 'go there, defend, leave'.Mostly routine. Lastly, the game is quite sparse on informing the player what to do, on occasions.You might find yourself in a "ok, what am I supposed to do now?".The game's Wiki does help, but still I find it to be a huge drawback when designing a game, and believe me, you will rely a lot on information, not just on what to do, but more importantly, on the comprehensive and complex crafting and levelling system of the game. Would I recommend it?Only to people that have quite a lot of time to spend.Not all of us have 3+ hours to spend just to craft an item which then needs even multiple time to level up and on top of that some more time to customize to each one's playing style.
game-hours: 117.9
review: Lots of fun, and probably the only game where it's fun to grind. great trade community also, with constant content updates. this game is not Pay2Win.
game-hours: 13.4
review: I Ninja Gaidened my way through a ship and cut through E.Ts' head 10/10, Would Phone Home again.
game-hours: 1139.4
review: This game has bad guys with turkey legs 11/10 would fap again.
game-hours: 110.6
review: *Update 4/3/15* I started playing again once I heard about the Sanctuary update. It had a dragon warframe included, so why the  not, right? Any, I picked up right where I left off months ago, and some nice changes have been made. The new Law of Retribution raid is pretty much the only reason I can recommend this game now, for a variety of reasons. It gives you a purpose, for one. Before, I was just swapping gear and getting more powerful just to do the same old  and get even MORE gear. Now, with a massive raid as challenging as this, I finally had a reason to get my frames up to snuff and whatnot. Secondly, this raid is the only gratifying victory in the game. I felt accomplished only by the end of LoR, nothing else, as this was the only mission that wasn't just a fetch quest or grind. Another thing I've learned to love about the game since I picked it back up again is the glory of trading. Do you know how fun it is to rip off people who paid REAL money for digital  in this p.o.s. game for your digital ? It's insanely fun. Yes, kind sir, you can pay $30 for platinum and exchange it for my crappy rare mod that I have lying around. Then I'll buy the Mesa warframe with your cash, and you can enjoy a crappy mod that I can farm again in under an hour. It's great fun as long as you're not on the idiot side of things. In short, here's the scoop: Chroma, The Law of Retribution raid, and ripping people off for plat are the only kicks I can get out of this game, and now that I've done all three I assume I'll rarely be picking this up again after my recent binge. This game is still the equivalent of smoking, in that just because you unwittingly catch yourself doing it doesn't mean you'd recommend it to others. *Update over, enjoy the original review below* It's addictive for all the wrong reasons. Sure, the space ninja gameplay starts out fun enough, what with the stabby-stabby and shooty-shooty . But then, well, you realize that your only options to explore more of the game consist of A.) spending real world dollars on ridiculously overpriced content or B.) grinding and farming your way to the top of the free-to-play food chain. Now, of course, the game is built for farmers and grinders because there is a LOT OF FARMING to be done. Every single item requires a blueprint, which requires farming, then materials, which require farming, then parts of the blueprint which need farming, then the final assembly, which requires farming and grinding. In short, you could be looking at seven hours worth of work and literally three days worth of waiting just to build a new ing pistol. Unless, of course, you'd like to speed that process up for a measily $9.99. Now, I'm not not knocking the monetization as considering the game's target demographic, the farming aspects are very well done and you're ultimately never really shoved into a corner where the devs beat you up and steal your lunch money. But here's the thing: it's not addictive because the gameplay is great, it's only an okay time killer. And it's not addictive because any of the rewards are great, because no one gun or warframe is that spectacular. No, it's addictive because the temptation to get more , whatever that "more" might be for you, is always there. After 40 some odd hours wasting away my life on this game, I realize that there was no real accomplishment to show for it. No overarching story, no greatly increased OP character, no real progress. Just a swap of this frame for that frame, this gun for that gun. In short, it was like shuffling a deck of cards for 40 hours. If you have literally nothing better to do with yourself and want to spend days, weeks and months of your life like that, Warframe is hands down the free-to-play game for you. But poke past its initially endearing facade and you'll find a game so utterly trivial (even by video game standards) that shame is all you'll feel long after ignoring the clock.
game-hours: 34.9
review: It's darn good for a Free to Play title, and it does that excellently as well. Pick it up!
game-hours: 12.4
review: Pros: - Fun to play solo or co-op - Very cool action - Parkour :D - Vast amount of areas to play Cons: - Some times its hard to Connect with your friends :l - Can get pretty repetitive - Some items are very hard to get, other than buying them. Overall: It is a fun and exciting Co-op game for you and your friends :D think left 4 dead 2 but while in space! 7/10 stars!!
game-hours: 1245.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 149.1
review: The core gameplay is good, but the game's world isn't as fleshed out as it could be. Movement feels good, combat is solid. Grindy as hell and you need a good clan to really get all the content. Overall 7/10, you get what you pay for.
game-hours: 146.1
review: the missions in this game include classics like "do a frontflip" and "slide your sword into the rectal cavity of a beefy marine"
game-hours: 64.0
review: maps manage to feel empty despite being full of enemies everything depends on grind objectives get boring gunplay gets boring because everything feels the same everyone is an  because they're constantly pulling mental gymnastics to try and justify their sunk costs/time and are frustrated that they can't admit they're bored
game-hours: 1023.6
review: Interesting, but very grindy and samey. Artificially difficult, you need to have grinded enough to not be dead weight to your team. The weapons are horribly imbalanced even with the new damage system and while you're supposed to be stealthy ninjas, the best way through a level is to gun everything down with the heaviest weaponry or ignore enemies and alarms entirely. The developers seem to almost genuinely care about the community, but some of their ideas are half-baked and their quality assurance team appears to be nonexistent. Ultimately, a casual run-and-gun with severe balance issues that still manages to be one of the better F2P games on the market.
game-hours: 26.1
review: NINJAS ZOMBIES ROBOTS GUNS EXPLOSIONS KABOOMEY YAY
game-hours: 898.9
review: 10/10 SpaceNinjaPirates ruined my life
game-hours: 155.7
review: If you like space and ninjas then you have found the right game :D It's a co-op game that have a party of 4 players :D It also has PvP ( Players vs Players ) but I have never tried it because I don't usually like PvP in co-op oriented games, But anyways that's just my opinion :D It's also very repetitive :p And one more thing. It takes some time to build/craft gear and other random things in the game like weapons, pets, Warframes ( Other classes ) And other stuff. But thats because it's a f2p ( Free 2 Play ) game :D The game gets a 11 out of 10 because they tell you to take a break :D
game-hours: 1230.1
review: I think I'll kick this off by squashing a few rumors or misconceptions, Warframe is NOT a Pay2Win game but it is in a Pay for Convenience format. What do I mean by Pay for Convenience? Every gameplay changing weapon, item, part.etc can be gotten through simply playing the game whether you're grinding for that specific resource or rare drop or not. Another feature is these 12/24/72 hour building periods for weapons, enhancements or Warframes. BUT HOW IS THAT JUSTIFIED?!? Well that's simple, this is a Free to play game and the Devs need a way to earn money, yet you can still get every item you want simply by playing and waiting. If you choose to spend money you can use it to rush foundry builds or outright buy items from the market or trade chat. Another thing to note is this game is still technically in beta (despite having a working ingame Market focused around premium currency) and receiving updates nearly every week. Now that that is out of the way lets move on to the real review. Warframe is a game about an ancient warrior race, they are called Tenno. (some may recognize this as the last name of the protagonist in the Dark Sector series, that game is also created by Digital Extremes an Warframe is seen as its successor) In a nutshell they are a group of Space Ninja whose sole purpose is to maintain balance of power in the Solar System. How might they do that? Simple, they slaughter hundreds of deteriorating clones, Greedy Merchants and Infected who are pretty much zombies of the aforementioned clones and merchants. Gameplay can be a mixed bag for people, Its generally Pve with the occasional pvp thrown in due to fan requests. You will have a Primary, Secondary and Melee weapon. This is simply to create versatility in your loadouts and to offer unique ways to approach the fast paced combat. Now I mentioned before grinding and waiting times, yes you will need to wait a few hours or days to build your new weapons and Warframes but its Free to Play so I'm going to let it slide. I understand this review could be more concise, but there are so many more that do this game more justice than mine. Besides its free to play, you should give it a few hours and then decide for yourself.
game-hours: 156.7
review: THis game has nice graphics and the gameplay is fun. However, there's a reason why this is still in beta. After playing for a week or two you'll see that pretty much all the missions are quite similar. Sure there are different ones like Extermination and Survival, but most of them end in getting the task done and then running back to "Extraction". Also, this game is a complete grindfest. The Devs put up ridiculous prices so you either have to buy the item or you have to grind for DAYS in order to get it. However, if you do get your item, it usually takes days for it to be ready. A new warframe takes THREE DAYS. THREE! And you need three components (which all take a day each to build) in order for you to move on to the main blueprint (takes 3 days to build). So this game emphasizes on you either having money or time. But yeah, not much content or backstory either. I seems interesting enough, but it's so vague. I would just play this for a week and then get on with your life.
game-hours: 204.0
review: Grind + reskins + microtransactions + overbearing devs and PR = this game
game-hours: 32.5
review: I am very new to this game but already I am enjoying it very much. Great co-op game and lots of fun. One of the most entertaining ones out there when it gomes to free games! If you enjoy co-op shooter games a lot then I recommend you give this a try.
game-hours: 60.2
review: For a free-to-play online shooter, this is as good as it gets. Really great graphics, pretty interesting co-op gameplay. Basically, you're getting Left4Dead + Mass Effect in this one. It gets a little repetitive after some time and monetization is forced sometimes, but hey -- it's overall free and the game is pretty good by itself, even when you're not paying to get some stuff. I'd rate this game 8.5/10.
game-hours: 525.4
review: Without a doubt, one of THE BEST Free 2 Play MMOs I've ever played in my life. I would highly recommend this game if your PC is at least Medium-Spec, and you're into Parkour Shooters like GunZ, S4 League, or any other Games similar to them. It's ing SPACE NINJAS, for Christ Sake. You can't go wrong with that! GET THIS GAME! You will definitely not regret it!
game-hours: 2968.3
review: It's unfortunate when a game with this much potential chooses to be crippled by all the standard free-to-play tropes in the name of profit. Everything you hate about free to play games is front and center in Warframe: an unenjoyable, crippled experience if you don't buy ingame currency, infinite grinding and farming, and pay-to-win that makes your character and weapons twice as powerful if you don't play and farm 40+ hours a week. A special note needs to be made about the level of grinding in this game. The game is literally nothing but farming and grinding. There is nothing else in the game. One of the central mechanics of the game is to level, then relevel, your character and weapons. Each time you completely relevel something in the game you gain a few more points to put towards the abilities of the character or weapon. Imagine if you played World of Warcraft and upon reaching level cap you had the option to relevel your character from level 1 to level cap, and the reward for doing so was you would gain half of an ability slot. The game was fun but flawed until the recent "Combat 2.0" system was implemented. In one patch Digital Extremes changed all weapons so that any weapon you choose is only effective against 1/3 of the enemies, experience gain was cut by more than half, and coincidentally the same patch also added the ability to purchase any abilities or "mods" you might need from other players using in-game currency. To put it more pointedly the developers made weapons 1/3 as effective and not only did they not reduce the amount of grinding necessary to level those weapons they made levelling items and acquiring resources more than twice as difficult. They simultaneously added an option to spend real money in order to buy whatever you may need from other players, presumably in order to not be accused of having the game be blatantly "pay-to-win" if they sold the items directly. As you can see I put over 700 hours into this game, and there are some aspects that are (were) fun. Greed and hubris have finally overcome and outweighed the enjoyable aspects of this "game". If you enjoy pay-to-win, farming, grinding, levelling then relevelling you character and weapons, "content" that consists of running a few mission types infinitely, and overpaying for virtual items and goods than Warframe is probably the game for you.
game-hours: 375.9
review: Don't play this game, I mean, seriously, don't. I've wasted a lot of my time on this game, and I can't get out of my house because it's too addicting. This is the reason why I have no life. Please send help.
game-hours: 519.3
review: For a game in it's beta version it is actually quite impressive. This game is a 3rd person co-op shooter game featuring (the generic definition) "Mothering space ninjas with magic." There is a large variation of characters to fit anyones play style including various and very unique and powerful energy abilities and weapons. I have never seen a game with such advanced player movements including wall runs, sliding, jump kicks, and dodge rolling which really keeps the game feeling fast paced and exhilarating. The game excels in graphics, level design, and combat keeping the game very dynamic with the best experience making this one of the best free-to-play game in existence.
game-hours: 1094.3
review: Speaking as a player from the Steam Release in 2013. Wasted potential: The Game Horrible weapon and frame balancing. Devs seem to outright refuse to fix fundemental issues with the game and are just content with piling more shiny things onto the garbage heap. Endgame can be hit within the first 5-10 hours of play. It's just grind and scamming other players in trade-chat. Game is incapable of being difficult without also being tedious at the same time (meat sponges; insta-gib-capable foes; forcing gear limitations; stat restrictions, etc.). In part due to the satisfying but ultimately imbalanced movement system and fundementally broken mod system. Mod system relegates player progression to the mercy of RNG's whims. Mod drop tables are over-saturated with useless things (like +7.5% radiation resistance) that absolutely nobody runs. If anybody tells you that they run those mods, they're simply horrible players or their mod count is lower than the number of combined digits across their fingers and toes. Stances; advertised as a long-awaited fix to the horrible melee system, were a disappointment and also relegated to the drop tables, futher saturating them. No variety in builds if you want to grind efficiently. Stack damage mods on guns; slip in crit mods if the base chance is 20% or more; put every power mod that would be suitable on your frame, then fill the rest with durability mods. Melee has been awful forever and only serves as a mobility tool. Enemies are either inconsequential glass figures or spicy meat-sponges due to the messed up scaling bought upon by the mod system. Don't ever buy platinum (paid currency) unless you get a 50% off coupon or better as a daily login reward. It's horrible value for money otherwise. For the love of god do not buy the starter packs on Steam at their base price. They are a HUGE rip-off; only reason I bought the Tenno Pack last year is because it was like 75% off during winter sales and became excellent value-for-money. Weapons and Warframes in the market are hideously overpriced considering you'll need to go through tens of weapons and warframes to rank-up. PvP is an absolute joke. You know how in most RPGs you deal a lot of damage compared to enemies, but also have a lot less HP compared to them? It's like turning party members in those games against each-other. You just run about instagibbing/getting instagibbed and finding ways to cheese the system. Enemy variety is poor, with the only real distinctions being the differences between heavy troops and regular ones (the former of which is the only thing you should really consider when modding weapons as they're far, far more resilient than regular enemies). There's no pay2win, only pay2notgrind. Warframe utilizes a time-based gating system like those commonly found in mobile games. You kill enemies in missions, they'll drop materials. You'll buy the blueprint from the marketplace. And then you'll craft the item. Weapons take a minimum of 12 hours to craft; clantech takes 24 hours PLUS the time spent crafting the pre-requiste materal (this can make the cumulative time of some clantech to be over 96 hours if you're dead-on with your timing in moving through each stage) Although there are many missions available which offer those special materials as rewards, massively reducing the total clantech crafting time. Warframes take a minimum of 84 hours to craft; get the helmet, system and chassis blueprints as random boss drops, they take 12 hours each but can be crafted simeltaneously, then combine them into the main warframe blueprint from the market, which takes 72 hours to craft. To be honest, I don't have an issue with the time-gating system as it isn't coupled with pay2win stuff like most time-gate systems are. Although some might, which is why I've explained it here. The good things about the game? It looks very nice. Although the atmosphere is non-existent as opposed to how it was years ago (go search for early-2013/late-2012 footge and compare it with 2014 footage). Movement system is fun but is almost impossible to balance around without introducing tedium. Gunplay is okay I guess. Devs don't do rollbacks whenever exploits pop up and are fixed. If you're fast, you can capitalize. Only real reason I'm still on-and-off with this game is, plainly put, some form of addiciton. Although I did quit cold-turkey for about 8 months earlier this year out of plain disgust with their implementation of the stances system. At the time of writing this, it seems I'm phasing out again. Whether or not I'll come back I don't know. Although I'm looking at this from the perspective of a long-time player; so if you're new then you probably haven't become disillusioned with the game quite yet and will enjoy the bit that you play. It's like a worse version of Mass Effect 3's multiplayer. Also: Warbros #1
game-hours: 3642.1
review: Warframe is a great timewaster that is not only fun, but affordable. Unlike most "free2play" models used by developers, Digital Extremes takes a different approach, in that anything you can get with platinum (Warframe's currency that is exchanged for irl money) can be obtained without buying it, excluding inventory slots for weapons, Warframes, and companions, colors, and syandanas (Think of them as scarves) or Sugutras (Think of them as scarves for your melee weapon). Even the platinum you spend can be earned through trading for rare parts to Prime weapons and Warframes, as well as rare mods. The only thing platinum allows you to do is get things faster and easier. One of Warframe's highpoints is that it's easy to jump right in, play a quick 3 minute mission with (Up to four) friends, and jump right back out. You can spend a few minutes playing, and that few minutes might change into a few hours, but it might not. The user interface has traded a bit of functionality for looks, but when I say it traded, it got a LOT of looks out of the deal. It's quite the knockout of a UI, visually. Digital Extremes themselves are a good company. They listen well to the community, and try to find a middle ground between pleasing the playerbase, and making the game into the vision of what they want it to be. As of recent updates they appear to be pushing back much needed bug and balancing issue fixes in favor of new content, but hopefully that will slow down and they will realize that this game, is not only their baby, but a giant chunk of software that needs polishing. It might be their baby, but currently their baby is a little bit under the weather and they refuse to buy cold medicine. But this is understandable. They are excited to make their game. The game is a timewaster, and can be addictive (As my in-game hours show), but it can also be played casually, though progress will be slower. There are no paywalls, and finding a match is fairly easy. There are tons of characters and weapons and even companions to choose from, and you will find no shortage of fun to be had, so long as you take care not to burn yourself out. The level designs get repetetive after a while, but new tilesets are added often, and enemies will become a challenge very quickly until you can equip yourself well enough to be the warrior-god you were meant to be. Enemies will again become a challenge in later levels. The biggest gripe reviewers have (I'm looking at you IGN) about Warframe is its lack of a story, plot, lore, and quests. Quests are a recently added feature that is so far a bit underdeveloped, but has amazing potential. Often reviewers ask "What exactly is the point of this game? What objective are you trying to reach?" And the simple answer is, there is no objective. The game is there for fun, and fun alone. The fun of slaughtering hordes of enemies with a single blade, blowing up a battalion of troops with a rocket launcher, and then using an ability to stomp so hard you literally FREEZE TIME. The fun of being a powerful slaughterfactory that cant be stopped (Until you reach later levels). Warframe is, overall, a good game. It has a nice grimdark feel, interesting character designs, a responsive and involved developer, and is being constantly updated and reshaped. Being critical, I would have to give it an 8/10. Should the developers get some content fixes out, I'd give it a 9/10. So grab a few buddies, grab your trusty Skana, and go kill some Grineer!
game-hours: 19.1
review: Space ninjas... need i say more?
game-hours: 558.0
review: Warframes are like power suits each with their own special powers. You have to do missions in a futuristic space setting. The game is fun to play, solo or coop. You can get most things in game without buying "Platinum" the premium currency. It has some bugs, but usually it doesn't take to long before they are resolved.
game-hours: 95.2
review: Artifical gameplay lengthening from farming items to unlock other items to craft the items you actually need, then waiting days of real time for them to craft (or pay money to have them right now) rinse and repeat.
game-hours: 732.2
review: So after playing Warframe for 1,040 hours (Steam says about 658 hours, but it's incorrect.), I finally decided to write a review on the game. In this review, I'll be stating how "Free to Play" the game actually is and what the gameplay is like, what the game offers in terms of content, and a pros/cons list at the end of the review to sum things up. So first off, how Free to Play is this game anyways? As a lot of us know, most Free to Play games have you paying for microtransactions to get most content in the game, with no way of using the in-game resources or currency to get them instead. Warframe does not do this, only cosmetic items, color pallets, interior decorations for your Liset, etc. Things like Weapons, Warframes, and Companions can all be earned by playing the game and getting enough resources/credits. Although Warframe and Weapons slots can't be obtained without platinum (Warframe slots are 20 platinum each and weapon slots are 2 for 12 platinum), you can trade items in the trade channel to people in exchange for platinum. Another thing I should mention is Foundry build rushing. If you are building a weapon or Warframe in the foundry, you will notice a "Rush build" option. This isn't spendy though, usually only costing 25-50 platinum to do so. Trust me, if you have what people want, you can obtain a hefty amount of platinum without paying a dime and have plenty to spend on rushing builds or buying slots. Now if you actually start liking the game and want to spend money to get things quicker, this is where you could have a tough time. Market prices from Digital Extremes are, you could say, "Extreme". With Weapons usually costing about $5-$12 depending on the weapons and Warframes costing $5-$20 depending on the Warframe. To put this into a better perspective, it costs $5 for the most basic package of platinum, which is 75 platinum, all the way to $200 worth of platinum, which is 4300 platinum. There is a cheaper way to get platinum though. The game has a login reward system and sometimes you can get a coupon for 25%, 50%, and 75% off your next platinum purchase. This would be an ideal time to buy some. They started doing Prime Access, which allows you to access the lastest prime Warframe and weapons instantly.....for $150 of course. The cheapest package you can get in Prime Access give you just the prime accessories, a 90 day Affinity Booster, and a 90 day Credit Booster....for $50!! I feel Prime Access just isnt all that affordable, but maybe that's just me. My rating on Warframe's Free to Play factor is a 9/10. Alright, next thing to talk about is the actual gameplay. Is it fun? Is it rewarding? Well, Warframe can be very fun to play at times, other times it can be annoying and tedious to play. It's a 3rd person view Co-Op/PvP shooter with unique elements that will be talked about later. In the beginning, you will have a choice among 3 Warframes ( Excalibur, Mag, or Volt), you will have a choice between 2 primary weapons ( MK1-Braton or MK1-Paris), you will have a choice between 2 secondary weapons (Lato or MK1-Kunai), and you will have a choice between 2 melee weapons (Skana or MK1-Bo). Either of the Warframe are fun to play, in my opinion. The MK1-Braton is garbage, both secondaries are good for beginners, and both melee weapons are good for beginners as well. Getting used to some of the controls might be a pain at first (Such as wall-running and sliding), but eventualy you'll get the hang of it and be flipping around like a space ninja in no time! Basically what I'm saying here is that the beginning of the game is hard to get past, in the sense that you feel underpowered and weak compared to your foes. If stick with it long enough to get better equipment, then it becomes much more fun to play. Weapons are fun and all, but I think the Warframes are what spice the game up the most. Each Warframe has a set of 4 powers that you unlock as you rank them up. The powers are some of the most fun this game has to offer. Example scenario: You are a rank 10 Excalibur surrounded by 25 Grineer troopers and there are just too many to shoot and kill before you die yourself. What do you do at this point? Activate Radial Javelin, which is your most powerful power as Excalibur, and watch as all 25 of them are pinned to the walls around you. Eventually, you'll be able to do the same thing, but with 50 guys surrounding you. Warframe powers, yes please. Now what about rewarding gameplay? This game can reward you at times, however, it can be very grindy. The first thing you'll probably farm for in this game are resources. Resources aren't that painful to try to get, although Orokin Cells, Neurodes, Neural Sensors, and Argon Crystals are the ones you will be grinding out on the most. In terms of farming, the only real things that could be tedious to obtain are Warframe parts, Prime Warframe parts, Prime Weapon parts, and Archwing parts. Speaking of Archwing, if you have played the game awhile now and feel the need for something new to do, try getting the Odonata Archwing and fly through deep space in Archwing missions. It's a breath of fresh air if you feel like ground combat is getting boring. Gameplay can get pretty intense at times, if you finally have the loadout to survive 30 minutes on Warframe's survival gamemode or 30+ waves on Warframe's defense mode. All in all, the gameplay is fun, the farming/grinding usually isnt fun, but once you get that weapon built or Warframe built, the fun begins yet again. Overall, Warframe's gameplay gets an 8/10 from me. Now to talk about what Warframe has to offer in terms of content. Well, it has a lot of content to offer compared to when I started back in June 2013. There are 22 Warframes available to play as, not counting the Prime Warframes (Only difference is they have an extra polarity and look way cooler). There are 100+ weapons in the game as well, not to mention the primes of course. There are 14 planets to visit, each with increasing number of missions available. Tons of mods to choose from, including melee stances, which enhance your melee weapons by allowing you to perform combos. Just, plenty of content for a newcomer to explore. Every other Wednesday, Digital Extremes usually updates the game with new content, bugfixes, and changes that improve the experience of the game. Usually every two months, Digitial Extremes puts out a massive update, usually going up a whole number ( As in Update 14.5 goes to Update 15). These massive updates add hours upon hours of new things to do. Warframe's amount of content gets a 10/10 from me. Now finally, a pros/cons list to sum everything up (And some things I didnt talk about): Pros: -The game is fun to play once you get the hang of things. -Easy to learn thanks to a tutorial -PvE and PvP -You can earn content in the game without paying -Friendly community -There is a wealth of content -At least 7 gamemodes to play -Endgame is cool, more to come! -No Pay to Win business models -Rewarding exploration (Especially in Void missions) -Warframe powers are fun as hell -Most boss fights are awesome for a F2P -Alerts, Invasions, and Infestations as daily missions are great and rewarding -Most all weapons past the beginner ones are great -Pet dogs Cons: -Market pricing is a bit steep -Prime access is ridiculous -There is some farming/grinding -Some bugs still in the game a frustrating -Napalms are jerks -Beginning of the game loadouts can be tough to get past (Because of how underpowered they feel) -Higher mastery rank Tenno entering your game could ruin the experience for you -Some people in trade overprice everything ever Let me know if there's anything I could add, as this is my first review :). If you need any help in-game, add me as ttrlabs02. If I'm online and not busy, I shall help you out! Thanks for reading, Tenno.
game-hours: 324.2
review: My friend got all the content I've been grinding for weeks in ten seconds. 7.8/10 too much water
game-hours: 324.2
review: My friend got all the content I've been grinding for weeks in ten seconds. 7.8/10 too much water
game-hours: 1981.8
review: For Hardcore Space Ninjas, and people who got loads of money and patience to waste on.
game-hours: 266.8
review: Warframe is undeniably one of the most satisfying experiences I've had with a Free to Play title. It contains an ever expanding arsenal of weapons, mods, and warframes that can be mixed and matched for endless possible combinations. The game also features a highly satisfying clan system including the ability to build your own clan hall, which provides several bonuses besides the simple meeting area with cosmetics. And the great feature of Warframe is that it always contains a challenge. From raiding the Orokin towers, to hunting down the elusive Stalker and Harvester, something is there to put your mettle to the test. And in case it wasn't clear, you play as freakin' Space Ninjas. What's not to love?
game-hours: 2223.5
review: A great crusade to take your friends to and just rememebr its Free to Play but its a damn good fine lookin one with alot of action. Yet the grind is real and its still in beta!
game-hours: 730.9
review: This game started out fun enough, especially for a free to play game. Unfortunately, every patch (and there's about 4/week) makes the game even worse. It's been out for almost a year, and I don't think a single bug has ever been addressed, while every patch brings a whole host of new bugs; most minor, some major. The netcode is terrible. There are no dedicated servers, instead relying on one of the four players to host. It seeks out the absolute worst host imagineable for every game. When I play with friends it's fine, but about 9/10 times you play with the public the lag is so bad as to render the game as unplayable. The game frequently refuses to accept certain inputs. It's fairly common to just be plain unable to use your melee weapon, or be unable to crouch for several games. Bosses occasionally become completely invincible. Did I mention the lag? It's bad. I don't just mean there's lots of snap back, and targets become impossible to hit; I'm talking extended intervals (i.e. double-digit minutes) where it's so bad you have trouble leaving the room you're currently in. The variety of weapons started out as neat, unfortunately they've increased the grind factor needed to get them every day. This is the rare case of a an early Beta game being pretty fantastic, but absolutely every change they've made since then has been for the worse. I would pay money for the Warframe of 8 months ago. I wouldn't pay $0.01 for the Warframe of today.
game-hours: 2089.0
review: Over 2000 hrs and I still play it. This game is incredibly addicting. Also pretty much everything can be gotten for free, eventually. One of the most fun and fair F2P games out there.
game-hours: 730.3
review: It was good, but with every patch it's getting more and more grindy. DE appears to be incapable of bug testing, so all of our new content is riddled with them, and the dev teams lacks focus, hoping from one thing to the next never applying the final polish to anything they add. I wouldn't recommend any new players pick the game up.
game-hours: 851.2
review: Never have I been so happy to grind and farm in true MMO  fashion than I have been playing as a magic space ninja and getting my  pummelled by various cyborgs and cthulus.
game-hours: 377.2
review: Well this game has actually surprised me... I love anything Ninja based and when they said Ninja's with Guns in Space at first i was like WTH. But after playing for the past few weeks i have to admit this game is Freaking Awesome. A few problems here and there but the design team are always coming up with new content and fixing those bugs faster than they pop up. I absolutely love the starter selection of Warframes (your cyber ninja suit) and would only recommend adding a notice that the weapons and sidearms you select in the first mission will be that you are stuck with till you can make your own later on. And also a way of maybe choosing to play the first mission as one of the alternative warframes. A way to test the different classes out you are offered. I mean as a new player the skills and stuff mean very little And the only way to test it all out and find your Niche' is to play the different character types. With alot of game where you have to pay for certain in Game items you know from the get go guys who have cash to blow will get the best and the rest of us meer mortals with  Exchange rates will be stuck with the scraps... Warframe gives you the option to jump ahead with Paid content but everyone can get there eventually. No items that are Platinum(in game real money Currency) only that can not be found or made later. Its all just a matter of time and according to some higher level friends you can actually start trading platinum at a later stage. Overall i love the game a bit of a rocky start but well worth it.
game-hours: 833.6
review: The life of a warframe player -Gets game. -Plays for 30 hours . -Starts noticing the paywall. (Dont you dare say there isn't. You need a catalyst/reactor to make your frame/ weapons do damage to anything over lvl 30. Yes they drop in alerts but unless you want to wait a fortnight at a time at the chance of getting one you will end up putting money into it) -Puts money into the game and it feels like a whole other game. -Starts the farm for "prime" parts. -Hits 600 hours and has all prime frames and weapons. -Just sits there wondering why the  they just did all of that. Ok for all of you saying "there is no paywall they drop in alerts." You do realise they drop ONCE a bloody fortnight. For a non casual player playing this that drop rate is too bloody small. You will gain more weapons in one week that you want to catalyst than the amount of catalysts drop in a whole damn year. NEXT TIME READ THE DAMN REVIEW BEFORE YOU SAY THEY DROP IN ALERTS!
game-hours: 14.5
review: I thought i was playing halo 5 when i realized it was actually warframe
game-hours: 220.1
review: Grinding. Do not play this game unless you enjoy grinding. I wake up screaming at night because I have nightmares about things not dropping. The same map over and over and over again until that one little piece of gear drops. That is what this game is about. Also shiny asses, but only on the men.
game-hours: 144.7
review: YEAH. Ninjas in space, PERIOD. Play it now.
game-hours: 674.3
review: Great game.. boring at lower levels.. but gets really (and i mean really) addictive as you progress in levels and in the game. It has fast paced gameplay and immersive environment. Overall a good pick for shooting game lovers. :D
game-hours: 620.7
review: It's very rare that a F2P game with a model like this keeps my interest for over a few minutes, but I've been playing Warframe for 7 hours within the first day of downloading it. Really surprisingly quality and well-polished combat as well as loads of different mods and abilities makes for a really entertaining game overall.
game-hours: 267.9
review: A very well made Free to Play 3rd person shooter. Uses a custom lanucher/updater. GAMEPLAY Gameplay is quite repetitve in the long run. There are a bunch of planets available to you, each with sectors ( missions ) with different gamemods which you complete for rewards. The game uses tiles to randomly generate levels. Some planets have unique tilesets, etc. Has a bunch of different weapons and weapon types, each item has to be ranked up with XP. You can then mod your weapon/warframe/etc with a huge amount of mods to tweak each parameter to your liking. Has a lore, but there's no campaign as such, just a few story quests. REAL MONEY Basically almost nothing is locked behind a paywall in this game. The only exceptions I found are some cosmetics ( character attachements, color pallettes, animations sets ) and inventory size ( For weapon and characters ). You can trade in-game currency bought for real money to other players at higher levels, which means that you can unlock pretty much everything for free, which enough time put into the game. Not only that, but you can get a -75% discount on Platinum ( Currency bought for real money ) as a daily login reward, and for 5$ you can get enough of it to lift all restrictions on the inventory size and buy some cheap cosmetics. Buying weapons/characters for platinum is pointless because you can simply craft, or acquire them otherwise. SCORE If I had to give it a score, I'd say 7.5/10.
game-hours: 420.5
review: well this game is just like the Pringles chips........ "Once you pop, you can't stop"
game-hours: 349.4
review: Way back then I have had a good look at Firefall and Warframe. Both quite unpolished and in so much need of work. Gave Firefall the benefit of the doubt, and just loved it. I needed a change though and a good buddy of mine in Firefall, was also playing Warframe and so I asked how the game was these days. Three months later, and I am all in on this game. With Firefall having open space and more of an MMO feeling, Warframe is level based, with a mission. A big change for me, but liking it lots. You get to know the mechanisms, the frames, mods etc etc and just get better at it. Frames keep leveling, so are the mods. All these things give you a feeling of accomplisment in this game. The frames are quite distinctive, and all have their specific abilities that make you come back for more. DE is adding more features, releases frames or updated/upgraded frames (Prime) and hopefully in the near future I'd like to get more into the lore of the Tenno. Every week a live community stream and I believe every other week a dev stream as well. Both with giveaways. All in all a great game that will let you have a great time with your buddies. ps. It's certainly not p2w at all. Almost everything you want, you can get it by playing certain levels etc etc. If you do pay, that's great. The game deserves all the support :)
game-hours: 212.0
review: At least it's better than Call of Duty. 17/10 would play again.
game-hours: 0.6
review: theres a dog frame 10/10
game-hours: 1808.0
review: I've been playing this game for 1000 hours and it completely ruined my life. Never try it. +11/10!!!! But being honest, this game is just great. The only true FREE to Play game. Where you are not forced to buy DLC with weird crap that allows you to shot enemy, or buying some weapons to make a kill on a low level farming loots. You can choise between Hardcore farm and Trading with people, or quick purchase using your wallet. That what I truly call F2P (Free to Play), not Pay to Play.
game-hours: 11.3
review: RINOS and HAMMERHEAD SHARKS are in the game
game-hours: 1108.7
review: Becomes more Grindier with each new patch, not fun anymore. Quickly becoming like Blacklight retribution with all the RNG and Grindwalls
game-hours: 1057.9
review: Warframe is a refreshing take on the squad based 3rd Person shooter, in its over all game play and especially its art design. While not every gamer's taste, I find Warframe to be a refreshing take on design. The characters and aliens are unique, very inspired and striking. My compliments to the art direction and the whole team. The gameplay is tight, responsive and franciticly exciting giving the player the experience of feeling like they're a true "space ninja". You'll be parkouring over obstacles, climbing on walls, hacking apart enemies and sliding across floors while going all "John Woo" on anyone that stands between your teams and your objective, Ninja. I've found myself coming back to this game over and over again ever since a friend got me into it way back in June 13'. As of today, I've already spend hundreds of hours in Warframes. Game sessions can be as pick up and play as a half hour or turn into longer survival and raids. Its one of the most open to all FTP's out there. Paying players don't overwhelm the F2P players in the gameplay department. They just don't have to spend the time gathering and crafting those items. All of which can be easily found in the game and created with miniumal grind time compared to how many other F2P's work. Digital Extremes really did this game right, give it a try and you won't be disappointed.
game-hours: 1016.2
review: I've played this game for a LONG while now. I love ninjas and slaughtering my enemies. This game gives both of that to me. I have always been a huge fan of third person shooters. And 'Warframe' gives me the extra boost that I need to be on the top of every game. I mean come on, I'm sure those of you who want to see how AWESOME your character looks while your slaughtering your enemies. I mean, a game just doesn't feel right if I don't look cool, right? Anyways, this game does not really have a story yet and I still love the game, I have spent a lot of money on the game even when you aren't required to. I put this one aspect of the game on the top of this list because the game is not P2W (Pay to Win) and that is the main reason I have stuck to this game for so long. You can craft everything in this game, the warframes, the guns, the ammo and health packs. I mean you don't have to spend money aside from if you want to have more than 2 warframes or if you want an awesome looking cape or scarf that has absolutely no attributes. But, you can buy every gun and every cape and so on. But you can craft it, it may take around 12-24 hours or if you're looking at warframes it adds up to 3 days but you can wait, trust me. Also, if you aren't looking to collect every warframe, you'll be just fine with just 2 frames. I have only used the Frost Prime, and the Vauban. I'm stuck on those 2 frames. I have a lot of other warframes but I'm just so connected to the ones I currently have because they are EPIC. There are some items you cannot buy. And that is what makes them so precious. They have a special name to them also, that way, you can rub it into your friends face that you finally made the weapon or warframe. The first 3 items that came out were called the Frost Prime, the Latron Prime, and the Reaper Prime. They were such a high demand, people were always asking people to take them on void runs. Which that reminds me. To have a chance to get the parts to make the weapons/warframes, you have to get Void Keys from survival missions or defence missions. (Don't worry, it will take a while, but it's definitely worth it!) The game can sometimes get boring to me I will admit, after playing for about 3-4 hours you get tired of slaughtering your enemies because most of the time you will be farming for supplies or just surviving it out on a survival mission with your buddies. But then, you can just go play a different mission and have fun all over again! They have a variety of different mission types out there while your waiting for that storyline to come together, some like Extermination, Capture, Defence,and plenty more. The game does not make all enemies level with you, you can choose to play on a low level mission or you can choose to play on a high level mission. Each planet has its own set amount of missions all with increasing difficulty as you go along. Every update they have had (And I will say, they update frequently.) they have added more and more content. I will tell you this, if you're tired of games having a limit on how much weapons they have on the game, then this game is the game for you. There are TONS and TONS of guns and melee weapons you can choose from, I've played for a while and I can say some guns I don't like, others I love and will use over and over. Each warframe and gun has 30 levels you can achieve. Each level, it adds a mod point that will allow you to add mods to your gun. Now, 'Call of Duty' players don't get so excited, I don't mean mods like scopes and camo, I mean mods that will change fire rate, bullet damage, bullet elemental damage, and SO MUCH more. But, now you 'Call of Duty' players can get excited for this. You can relevel your gun, why you ask? Because you get to change a mod slot to make it have a symbol on it. Now, you're wondering what does the symbol do? Well, if it matches the symbol on the mod card, it only takes up half of the points that the mod uses. It is definitely worth it to relevel a gun, especially if you plan on using that gun for a long time! I can't wait to see the storyline come together, and I can't wait to see what Warframe becomes. 10/10
game-hours: 1252.4
review: Go Go Power Tenno! Go Go Power Tenno! Mighty force Power Tenno!
game-hours: 1576.6
review: to addicting, consumed my life, idk anymore Recommended 11/10
game-hours: 1799.8
review: A really fun game. Can get grindy at times, but the grind is fun because of the gameplay. The only reason to pay money is to speed things up and you can get 99% of the items just by playing, the other 1% being event and founder exclusive stuff. TL;DR: Great Game.
game-hours: 1200.3
review: Well... if you like teamplay, crafting, gore, aliens, NINJAS this game is for you. If you like to say Noob, Hacker, l2p, report teemo this game is not for you. No Pay2Win, really good gameplay, TRY IT. 8/10
game-hours: 322.7
review: While sometimes a bit repetitive and grindy, the game offers a fair free to play market based system, with just about everything not cosmetic on the market place obtainable in game with a little work. My only real complaint is actually just the community at times. If you aren't used to the games parkour, speed tricks, and moving while fighting mechanics, some of the higher end players doing lower level missions will simply leave you in the dust and not look back, completing the mission themselves, leaving you sort of an empty experience with the mission. The most intimidating thing about the game is its parkour system though, being able to move at extreme speeds, wall running, climbing and vaulting just about anything, sliding while unleashing a torrent of melee attacks or gun fire, and using it all to your advantage. Give it some time, after a couple of hours practicing it can start to become second nature, especially anyone used to combo based games. But in the end when you are feel confident about your ability to do it all, nothing feels more badass then executing a series of attacks while sliding and moving through waves of enemies quickly and efficiently, and being able to turn around when all is said and done to see some of their bodies still falling to the ground. And come on, whats better then being a freaking space ninja with guns.
game-hours: 234.8
review: Warframe is a retrofit, fast-paced, animated novel. You'll encounter deep and thorough story elements along with deep and interesting game mechanics. You'll find no grinding in this game so Farmville lovers beware. This first person, tatical, real-time strategy, tower defense game is very hard to put down and will have you racing around the track for hours on end. I give this game a Square Enix out of an Electronic Arts.
game-hours: 5744.4
review: I been playing Warframe for almost 1300 in-game hrs. For me Warframe is a game with beautiful graphics, i must admit game artists are very original and it keeps me hooked into this game. Gameplay wise, the game requires you good amount of grinding, if you are a RPG kind of player that is adapted to play repetitive missions this will not be an issue at all. Warframe Developers are great, they release constant updates every month (sometimes even every week) and game support is the best i've seen. Devs are always in contact with the comunity and constantly reading player opinions. A good point about Warframe is that it doesn't require real money to become strong, you can get almost all equipments without Platinum (real money currency) Anyways Platinum is a great help, mainly focused for players that lacks time to play.
game-hours: 845.6
review: Warframe is an enjoyable game. But here's the list of things you don't wanna do if you wish to play it for a looooong time. -Rushing missions- Warframe gets boring and hard to play if you play the missions just to get the loot, enjoy the game in whole. -Playing every mission online- Now, you might just laugh at this one but, its true! There are many trolls and whiners in this game since its free-to-play, many rushers too. -Getting someone to get you all the things you want- This one is the biggest reason to become boring. I knew this guy, he played for a week, and already had 70 hours on record. He got all the things he wanted in one week. Eventually game became boring and lame to him and he stopped playing. Now the things that will make you play the game: Really neat developers, will often respond to community questions and bugs Constant Dev-streams which spoil all the things you always wanted Often patches Often mini-updates which bring in new weapons and stuff No paywall. You can basicly get everything in game for free except the cosmetics which are here just for those who want them Things that make not play this game: Trolls and whiners Hard to get materials Elitistic s If you really like the game like I do, you will ignore all the things that make you quit the game.
game-hours: 1368.5
review: Warframe simply put is a solid, well rounded video game. I spent a while trying to sum it up with a genre but it borrows from several. Mass Effect with jumping! It's a third person shooter/brawler that puts you in the role of a Tenno, a nearly extinct race awaking to find several factions ruining the galaxy and various shenanigans occuring that are for your detriment. Going on missions in various space stations, ships and planets using tons of weapons and warframes in a free2play game that looks and plays like a current gen AAA game. + Good Graphics & Sound Design + Large amound of varied enemies, unique styles and boss battles. + Procedurally generated maps with dozens of tile sets. + Very satisfying gunplay and indepth melee combat/combo system. + Fantastic replay value. + Hundreds of weapons covering all different categories and type & Plenty of warframes to get with very unique abilities. + Decent story and universe created. + F2P - Lack of direction to new players after initial quests. - Late game can slowly get repetetive. - Minor inconveniences to be had if not spending any real money. - PvP is currently Peer2Peer and very laggy with no tangible rewards for putting time into it. - A lot of mechanics go unexplained unless you actively check the codex/wiki. In essence you are able to progress through hundreds of missions that are instanced for up to 4 players in a squad, completing random objectives in procedurally generated maps against one of the 5 possible enemy factions (or sometimes a combination!) This is a solid formula, with a lot of different planet/map tilesets, a ton of very well crafted rooms and a very hefty roster of enemies for each of the main faction. Combine this with the hundreds of weapons you can craft (varying from pistols to grenade launchers to crossbows to electric boomerangs to rail guns), 20+ warframes (classes with very unique 4 abilities, akin to a MOBA) to choose from, a very good looking engine and some solid gunplay/melee combat and you've got a fantastic game in it's own right. You level up and upgrade all of your gear with mods that drop from enemies constantly, so everyone can tailor their weapons and warframe to their own liking and you do get a very solid sense of progression. You can parkour around the maps, wall run, pull of some complex melee combos and act like a space ninja, or you can be moving from cover to cover, co-ordinating with your team and playing it through like a tactical third person shooter. It has a very good looking engine that stands up by todays standards depiste the game being nearly 3 years old (counting the closed beta) It's got a godly particle system, as well as full usage of PhysX, very cool looking units and maps and a consistent art style throughout. The sound design is very competent but the music stands out the most, there are several dynamic sound tracks when fighting each of the factions that change depending on how much combat is happening but they all sound very unique and cool to listen to in the middle of some hectic shenanigans. The kicker being that this is completely free to play. This is a hybrid co-op/MMO without the 1-9 button smashing on the keyboard and it relies entirely on your skill with the weapons, abilities and movement to be good. It being a F2P MMO esque game, you do have to craft new weapons and warframes which take time but due to how inherently fun the actual gameplay is, farming for materials or blueprints never feels like a chore and 99% of the time you'll be collecting more than enough materials just while playing normally. There's a ton of PvE mission types, some new PvP, horde modes, a space combat mode (think zone of the enders) and plenty of replay value inbetween. There are several story quests and tutorial missions to all new players a grasp on all of the basic mechanics however once the tutorials are over you are just sort of left to your own devices. The lack of constant direction might annoy a few players but I strongly reccomend just deciding that you want to go and check out a planet or get a cool weapon then work toward those goals, seeing new things and acquiring more equipment on the way. Planets have bosses, new planets need to be unlocked and so on so there are tangible goals to set yourself. You can create a clan with your friends, build a very large Dojo that can be used for trading, researching exclusive weaponry, dueling, storing event trophies as well as assisting in building solar rails for the very large scale PvP solar rail conflicts. I would reccomend if you're really into it getting just a few dollars worth of platinum then buying a scarf, they're cool, because it's in space.
game-hours: 634.3
review: I love this game, You can make new weapons, You can make new Warframes, Many and many updates that will add more frames and weapons, It's highly addictive, It's fun to play with friends, I just ing love it !
game-hours: 434.0
review: Pretty fun game, they keep updating it....
game-hours: 4.3
review: nothing to write home about. unless you just enjoy endless, mindless repetition and soulless characters dressed up in nonsensical art.
game-hours: 1107.1
review: The thing that immediately drew me in to this title was how apparent the use of Zbrush was when creating the characters. Seriously, as a character modeler myself, this is like all the stuff you want to make in Zbrush but can never get into a real game because it's too far away from mainstream design. The dev team is a bunch of hardworking people who outdo themselves with each update. I cannot begin to describe how happy I am with the growth of this game, it blows me away every time an update rolls out. The events are super fun, the weapons modding is full of tons and tons of options, there is an ever growing list of items and warframes, and there is just so much to bite into in this game. I am a person who enjoys deep detail and stats and customization, and this game speaks to that need very well, in addition to the utter beauty of the visuals. Oh, by the way, it's totally free. The only place I find a little lacking is lore. They have done a lot of worldbuilding and set up a great stage for their characters but have not embellished them or the history of the world very much. This grows with every update, of course, but I feel it is growing much more slowly than the game itself is. I'd love to even just be able to read more somewhere, if nothing else. However, there is enough there though to latch onto to make stuff up, and that can be fun. Would love a bit more! Ok go try it now.
game-hours: 1299.4
review: It's pretty good I guess.
game-hours: 581.2
review: Hell, Ya! This game makes me  lazers.
game-hours: 2464.0
review: Really good game. For those who enjoy a good Third person shooter
game-hours: 904.7
review: great game + free to play
game-hours: 824.3
review: I HATE THIS GAME. IT STEALS ALL OF MY MONEY BECAUSE IT'S SO GOOD. EUGH.
game-hours: 27.9
review: It's an awesome concept, but the game gets stale after the first 30-40 hours of gameplay. You find yourself collecting the same things in the same levels against the same 3 basic enemy types. The only thing that changes as you level up is the variety of weaponry available and the number of enemies on-screen. Imagine ME3's co-op multiplayer mode turned into a giant standalone, minus the variety. That's Warframe.
game-hours: 36.3
review: I see this game going up to its 10 rating I think it deserves. At the moment it's extremely linear design-wise. Despite that, I play it religiously. At least every other day. Also, it being a f2p you seriously don't need to buy anything with real money ever. I bought 8 dollars worth of platinum for a color pack, weapon slots, and character slots. It's the only free to play I have ever bought anything from(excepting Dota 2). I highly recommend getting this game.9.3/10
game-hours: 1128.1
review: This game is a MUST have.
game-hours: 3.3
review: This game is so awesome, you can do parkour stuff in it kinda, you can decapitate enemies, and you have an awesome looking character (which you can customize >:3), and well it's so fun! I give it a rating of 10/10!
game-hours: 920.3
review: The developers *Digital Extremes* has continually made this game a piece of crap. Let me explain. To get the Detron, a piece of gear that has been wanted by players to be added for a month, was finally added. How to get it? Well, you do missions against the Corpus *Also known as Boxhelmets and Robots*, while siding with the Cyborg armored guys. Each mission gives a 5% chance or so, to have a "Harvester" spawn at you in another game, which if you abort, will cancel the Harvester coming at you. This Harvester once killed can drop nothing, a Detron Blueprint, a Detron Chassis, or a Detron Barrel. When third party programs tried to find a way to properly make the Harvester spawn easier, because of course, no confirmation of whether or not the Harvester came randomly or you had to do missions vs Corpus, Digital Extremes, the maker, took out the logs from view. Long story short, Beta is a tag, Developers are money grubbers, game is going stale, and I haven't seen a single good content addition since I joined. Every boss that gets reworked gets turned into someone with an "Invulnerability Stage" that can be teabagged 99% of the fight. Mixed with glitchy parkour, bad melee, unbalanced frames, and overpriced cash shop, I'd avoid this game like the plague. If only it wasn't for my clan, I'd be gone.
game-hours: 237.0
review: Saying this game is Free to Play is a bold lie. Let me tell you the story of when I started this game. You are only allowed to pick 1 of 3 starting classes, or warframes, out of the existing 10 or 15. So you play around and you want to make a weapon. You can either 1. use ingame points to unlock a blueprint for the weapon, if the weapon you want even has a blueprint, farm the resources to make the weapon which can take a really, really long time, especially for a starting player, after obtaining everything, spend even more ingame credits to START the making of the weapon which takes 24 hours (not joking), wait an entire day, and THEN you get to play with the weapon. Or 2. give Warframe your money. Making warframes is even worse. You have to fight the same boss over and over just hoping you get the right drops from it. You need a Chassis blueprint, systems blueprint, helmet blueprint, and a warframe blueprint. You need to build ALL those items before you can even begin making the warframe, which all use ingame credits AND TAKES 3 DAYS TO MAKE. Or you can throw your money at Warframe. Oh, and you can only have 2 warframes out of the 15 to play with. You only have 2 warframe slots and like 5 weapon slots. You want more weapons or warframes? Looks like you have to spend some MORE MONEY. You need to give Warframe more money so you can get more slots just to get more warframes and weapons. Let's talk gameplay. The gameplay is "fun". Sort of. I enjoyed playing solo missions more than playing with 3 other strangers . Why? Because if I play solo, I can try using stealth, which is impossible if your new "teammates" fly down the halls shooting everything in sight. Also, if I play solo, I can play at my own pace. Every single game that you play online with 4 people, the game becomes less of a fps and more of a race. Actually, that's a perfect description of what happens. It becomes less of "There's 2 guys over there, I'll sneak up on one and shoot the other in the head" and more of "RUN RUN RUN OH LOOK AN ENEMY OH HES DEAD RUN FASTER FASTER". It turns into a clusterf**k of color.... I'll summarize all of this. So basically, this is micro-transaction the game. The only way to enjoy the game to it's full extend is spending a lot of money. And I mean a lot. I would actually prefer it if you had to buy the game. That way, Warframe wouldn't be a lie, and you wouldn't have to deal with half the bullcrap in the game. Sadly, even IF they did that, you would have to deal with the OTHER half of the bullcrap, like waiting 3 days to play with a warframe. It's just a stupid system, and is just used to siphon more money from your wallet. Oh I forgot to mention, you can spend real money to speed up the process ._. so yea, more ways of spending money... great... The game is "fun" ish, if you can look passed all the crap, which I cannot. If you ignore the facts that you need to spend money to use more than 2 warframes, spend money to use more than 5 weapons, wait 3 days to use a new warframe, wait 24 hours to use a new weapon, how the game puts micro transaction after micro transaction in front of your face every single time you open the game (oh, if you stop playing for a day, the next time you open the game, you win a "random reward", which is ALWAYS a discount on your NEXT MICRO TRANSACTION), then you might like this game. I don't
game-hours: 421.4
review: I'm quite surprised at how far along this game has come along. The graphics have gotten better and the gameplay, while repetative, has also gotten better as the beta has gone on. If you enjoyed games like Mass Effect 3 Multiplayer, Gears of War Horde mode or any other type of game where you and your crew of 4 take on endless waves of baddies in pure co-op awesomeness sprinkled with the loot grind of dungeon crawlers like Diablo or Torchlight, then you will have a blast with Warframe. If had to say one thing in the negative about it, it would be the real world dollar cost on any of their items. Luckily everything can be gained in game with some RNG luck and time, as well as the in game "won from missions" currency. All in all a great game, definitely worth checking out. It's FREE! What have you got to lose?
game-hours: 1416.9
review: Never have i been so proud to be a Space Ninja. and Warframe teaches you all about it. =/OVERVIEW!\= Warframe is a 3rd Person Shooter hack-n'-slash game that takes a VERY wide amount of choice to the way you like to play. With quests, your own ship known as a Liset, many different locales, space missions in space with a pair of jet wings (Archwing), and 16 different mission types, there's alot of fun to be had, even IF there's not much story to it. Couple that with the good 100+ weapons total in the game and you'll have LOTS of time to try out everything. Now, on to the review itself! *points triumphantly* Warframe was made by Digital Extremes, a company with an already impressive reputation after making the multiplayer for Bioshock 2, helping out with the Unreal Engine and even making one of the Unreal Tournament games. They also made Dark Sector, which was actually supposed to be Warframe, but frankly was turned into something different so they could pitch a sale that the console owners liked. It was alright, But eh...Not incredible. the details were impressive though. The game you're reading this review for RIGHT NOW is packed with action AND stealth depending on your playstyle. You take on the role of Space Ninjas known as Tenno. "You are the Tenno. Warriors of the Gun and Blade." - The Lotus Each Tenno has his or her own Warframe to pick from, and a good third of the Warframes in the list so far have special "Prime" versions of themselves you can get from the Orokin Void. I'll talk about the wonderful funderful Void later. =/WARFRAMES!\= Now, what does being a Tenno mean? It means your a certified bone-breaking, body burning (Ember), heart-electrifying (Volt), Void sentencing (Limbo), gunslinging (Mesa), wolvering claw-slashing (Valkyr), gravity crushing (Mag), Stop-Hammertime'ing (Rhino, LIKE A BAWSS!), Radial javelin'ing (Excalibro, LIKE A REAL BAWSS!), troll-teleporting (Loki), matter detonating (Nova), illusion employing (Mirage), bass boosting (Banshee), bone chilling (Frost), Skin shedding (Saryn), priest powered (Trinity), Paladin styled (Oberon), Captain's ship cannonnering (Hydroid), Pinball Wizarding (Vauban), sky-high flying (Zephyr), Undead raising (Nekros), Mind controlling (Nyx), Stealth style murdering (Ash) BADASS. YYyyyyup. Lots O' Frames. =/GUNS! YOU'LL USE THEM! YOU'LL USE BIG GUNS, SMALL GUNS, SILLY GUNS, COOL GUNS, FUTURE GUNS, STUPI-- you get the idea.\= Aside from Warframes you cabn get some pretty badass weapons, Assault rifles, homing-fire machine guns, compound bows that stick enemies to walls with a full draw, marksman rifles, sniper rifles, shotguns, flak cannons, hand cannons, akimbo pistols (Get out that inner gunslinging boss you hide inside!) of many kinds, freeze rays, rocket launchers....OKAY, FINE! ROCK-IT LAWNCHAIRS! YOU HAPPY?...Uhh...Right, Melee weapons! Heavy swords, sword-an-dagger combos, dual daggers, dual hand scythes, normal scythes, whips, batons, the Legendary Proiva Vandal (Thank you John Prodman for gracing us Tenno with your battle prowess) battle hammers, battle axes, DUAL hand axes, and of course, katanas. =/SENTINELS AND KUBROWS!\= Because the Origin System just isn't fun enough without your own pet robot or Space Puppy. There's a plethora of Sentinels: Wyrm (BLINDED BY THE LIGHT~), Shade (The first two are the original ones. Also, YOU CAN'T SEE THIS!), Dethcube (MY COMPANIUN CUUB! :D), Carrier (VACUUM UP THOSE MODS! *points triumphantly*), Djinn (Ash's BFF. :P), and one of my favorites, Helios (SCAN DAT BOOTY). For Kubrows we have Sunikas (Police Attack Dogs, bruh), Huras (Stealth-trained murder-puppies!), Sahasas (Be careful, they'll dig ALL OVER your backyard.), and Raksas (No, not Roxas from Kingdom Hearts. totally different game...>.> ["WE'RE HIS...BODYGUARDS!" - Neebs "The Noob"] ). There are also Archwings! Your first is the Odonata (MISSILE POWAH!). there's also the Elytron (Dem nukes, bebe), and the Itzal, the newest one (HIGH SPEED SLAMMAH JAMMAHS). In short, you can play ANY WAY YOU SO GODS BE PRAISED PLEASE. =/MODS!\= In addition to this is an awesome way to modify how your weapons, Warframe, Sentinels, Kubrows and Archwings function, Known as Modules, are simply, mods. I just call them Mod Cards...I mean, they basically look like that. xP Anyway, Mods change the way you want to play, letting you further augment how you define fun. Wanty to jump high and slide far? Slap on some mods to compliment it! Want to run walls for longer and have rocket launchers with miniature nuke blast radius explosions? Slap on some mods! Looking to make your dual machine pistols fire three shots with each round released? Slap on some mods! There's TONS of mods, LITERALLY HUNDREDS of mods. So i won't list them all. Now this game does have the capacity to get repetitive, but that's only if you keep using the same weapon for a month. Switching up how you play makes life alot less dull. Moving on to the nexzt series of things now! =/THE FOUNDRY!\= Now this is where you craft stuff from. most things you craft will take 12 hours. Warframes however, will take a WHOLE 3 days. but you can instantly complete the production of your item with a premium currency called platinum. Now, before i get into THAT too, let me explain some about the Foundry. you collect resources from multiple planets, then use those resources to produce weapons, warframes, parts, whatever you need. Just make sure you have the credits and you'll be golden. *thumb up* =/PLATINUM!\= This is the game's premium currency, and you start off with a little under $5 worth of it. You get 50 platinum right off the bat which is pretty cool! I usually advise people to spend it on a Warframe slot and 4 Weapon slots (They come in pairs). Warframe slots are 20 platinum, and Weapon slots are 12 pltainum for each pair. a DAYMN good deal if you ask me. it's pretty easy to make platinum too if you know where to look for items that people will buy! =/PLANET LOCALES!\= so, each planet has a unique theme. Earth is overgrown jungle, Mars is snow and mountains, Phobos is nothing but desert, and so on. But you're not here to learn about ALL the fun places and listen to me spoil the locales in one shot are you? *pokes face* OF COURSE NOT! You're here to know a little bit about the Orokin Void! =/OROKIN VOIDS/DERELICTS!\= These are kind of like bonus reward missions, and it REALLY shows. you get TONS of credits out of these missions, and typically a prime part or Forma. you don't get blueprints of the parts though, OH no (Well, the warframe parts are collected as Blueprints. v_v). You get the full part. You'll see why when you try to complete one. Prime Weapons and Warframes take a little more dedication to complete. The Derelicts are the opposite of the Void's pleasant appearance, looking more like a nightmare done right. Here you'll find OTHER prime parts, as well as Orokin Vaults containing corrupted mods. Make sure you have the dragon key for the vault door though, as there's four different dragon keys. squads work best, and i'll discuss that topic later too...actually, NOW. =/CO-OP FACIAL DESTRUCTION!\= That's right. You can band up with three broccoli or broccolettes, and destroy your way through hundreds of Grineer, Corpus, Infested and/or Corrupted faces in any way you so please! However, rushers tend to be a problem, so watch out. :P =/THE DEVELOPERS!\= This company...They are the epitome of Awesome. If South Korea's best is Neople, Canada's equivalent is Digital Extremes. They're VERY dedicated to the game and its community, hearing any and ALL comments, complaints, suggestions and otherwise about, to or for the game. They also have Devstreams every 2 weeks and Prime Time streams every thursday, and give out awesome prizes because they LOVE their fans. I give this game a 9.7 out of 10. Would grind 9 more times in the name of RNGesus. *9 thumbs up*
game-hours: 13.7
review: Suddenly, a very high quality f2p game. The co-op size, for 4 people, as has long been the actual start, you have to shoot the enemies of the crowd, whether robots or mutants. The game has a great variety of missions. There is a pumping system, with those experiences not only gets the character for whom you play and weapons that you fight. Interesting system improvements. The visual part of the game is full of colors and effects. Lots of explosions, lots of glowing stuff. All very nice. It should say that the game is not PVP, PVE only, can in the future it will be in the game and, well, until .... the battle against hordes of mutants! PS I almost forgot, in the game at first do not understand what they want from you in a mission where to go and who to shoot but eventually everything falls into place. sorry for my english)    f2p .  , 4 ,    ,    ,    .      .  ,      ,         .   .  ,    . ,  .  . ,    , ,       ,,  ....    ! ..   ,     ,        ,             .
game-hours: 351.0
review: Step 1. Install game Step 2. Start game and choose excalibur Step 3. Grind for 2 years straight Step 4. Congratulations you have beat the game
game-hours: 526.7
review: Initial thoughts: PFFFFFFFFFFF WARFRAME MORE LIKE SNOREFRAME OH LOOK AT ALL THESE THINGS I CAN NEVER HAVE UNLESS I GIVE THE DEVS $80 AND MY SOUL TCH WAIT THIS GAME IS ACTUALLY REALLY FUN EVEN WITH THE BUTTLORD STARTING WEAPONS; MAG IS PIMPMASTER FLEX AND LOKI IS SWAGBRO SUPREME Beginning thoughts: OMG I CAN ELECTRIC NINJA SLIDE AND CLIMB EVERYWHERE AND SLASHING MAKES IT EVEN FASTER I WAS NOT EXPECTING TO HAVE A ROBOT PAL OR ANOTHER SWEETASS NINJA BODY IN THE FIRST FEW DAYS OF PLAYING BUT HERE I AM Secondary thoughts: OH DANG YOU CAN EARN BASICALLY EVERYTHING WITHOUT SPENDING REAL LIFE MONIES IF YOU'RE SWAG ENOUGH ALSO THE DEVS ARE AWESOME BEARDY CANADIANS WHO DO THINGS TO MAKE THEIR GAME AWESOME AND COOL Last thoughts: [Hype intensifies] (Warning: Above review was written while drunk.)
game-hours: 479.3
review: This game is one of the few Free To Play games that you can enjoy without spending a single dollar !!
game-hours: 799.0
review: Ninjas Pay Fees would be more appropriate, let's be serious for a moment, yes, this game is no PvP oriented and yes, you can get almost everything by grinding, but this game is not only lacking any direction and making its developers look like the lovechild of EA Bioware and IGN. The whole thing is made for you to feel frustrated enough to buy some stuff, the moment you jump into it you will feel like there is almost no way to progress naturally, you are stuck with a very underpowered loadout in the first three planets for a while, you may think you are getting some nice loot until you realize you are not able to craft anything useful until later in the game when you can access the harder missions and once you complete the star map you will find little to no reason to play unless you want to get new stuff to painfully level up every single time you want to fully customize it, not to mention the huge prices in the cash shop if you happen to consider skipping some of the "content" in this game (that is grind to grind), please let me make this clear, once a game has monetization, cash shop or the like is no longer "BETA", it is just an incomplete released product using a buzzword to avoid criticism. If you seriously want to play this game just be warned. * You will have to grind for days or play with matchmaking which is almost a never newbie-friendly experience. * You will need to be in a clan ASAP if you want some of the better gear to tackle the "challenging content" later in the game. * You will be tempted from every front to spend real money in the game, either by the poorly implemented trade system or the painful grind. * If you happen to have some complaints you may find half of its community to be really hostile and blindly loyal. *Also, you will experience game breaking bugs in every major update, while this is kind of expected the loyalists will dismiss all your complaints as "gamer entitlement" and thus slow down the process thanks to how developers take negative feedback into account. In short, a nice artistic concept completely botched by pure greed and lazyness.
game-hours: 20.5
review: You play as a space ninja who can slice people in half while running very fast. 12/10
game-hours: 952.6
review: It's an MMO where you farm potatoes.
game-hours: 3.6
review: Want to be a Ninja? In Space? With a sexy tight suit? Then get this game, it's free anyway.
game-hours: 13.2
review: It's a cool game.
game-hours: 3.9
review: The only game were you can play as a Magical Hammerhead Shark Space Samurai with machineguns who fights aliens and robots with lasers. Really, the only things missing from this game are dinosaurs, pirates, and trains.
game-hours: 1000.6
review: Space ninjas! Space ninja weapons, space weapons, and even ninja weapons, lots of killing, parkour acrobatics, fluid controls, exciting and extensive gameplay and devs who know they rely on their players and listen and support them accordingly. Most recent example players had been wanting a grappling hook kind of weapon they not only did it but they made a whole new space ninja to play that has that as an ability! and the best part, its still in beta and its already this good! Did you click download yet? What are you waiting for? SPACE NINJAS!!!!
game-hours: 762.4
review: I've been playing this game nonstop for the past few weeks. It's a great game. Although i feel that there isnt a lot of story or plot, there is, however, a nice backstory/lore and a unique setting. The game allows you to customize your character (to an extent) and has a large selection of weapons and warframes to suit one's playstyle. In the beginning, the game felt very pay2play; everything i wanted at that point costed platinum(premium currency) and wasn't available until i progressed further and it required (what i assumed to be) heavy grinding. But now, having progressed much further, i've found that most things could be acquired with just time and patience, and the only things that truly required platinum were cosmetics and bundles. And platinum is a tradable currency, so if you really want x that costs y platinum, you could make platinum by trading with other players. But is the game fun? Yes, it's loads of fun. The gameplay is relatively unique, progression freels rewarding, and it looks great. Updates are pulled out quickly, fixes are adminstered hastily. Overall, it's a very refined game (especially one that's in beta)
game-hours: 740.4
review: Happy farm with exosuits. 10/10 Would farm again.
game-hours: 36.4
review: I don't really find this game as enjoyable, it's extremely repetitive and it is pay-to-win. People just dump a ton of money in to this game just so they can look cool and act cool. It's a really big waste of time in my opinion.
game-hours: 377.5
review: Absolutely horrible game compounded by horrible development team who has no clue what they are doing and don't need to be in charge of a game and horrible community managers who have no idea how to do their jobs. The fact that I spent money on this game is something I regret deeply.
game-hours: 408.1
review: Verry fun game, and can be verry adicting. This game has a long learning curve, but when you got the basics there is always something to do, always 1 more mission to play, 1 more thing to craft, 1 more resource needed to find. All these things add up in the big picture and make Warframe much bigger then it seems to players, its not your typical Free to play game or pay to win game, no you can do all free theres no advantage in paying. Its super fun for me and my friends with who i have spent in this games are numerous days. Several h a day and we never got bored, we only runed out of energy to play the game and was super fun to yell at each other to help him and not to run away from reviving a budy,  arround and all that cool stuff. There are numerous guns from mashine guns to shotguns, from pistols to laser rifles.You play on planets arround the solar system, and in each planet there are multiple missions in wich you can unlock mods to upgrade your warframe character and guns, those are called mod cards, wich are randomly droped by enemys or boses. Each warframe, or gun has a lvling system from 1-30 leveling a warframe makes him to have more shields, hp armor etc, but with mod cards you can upgrade him the most you like him to be bore tanky or to dish out damage its all up to you. Theres a clan DOJO where you and you clan buddys can go and build structures like power plant, and reserch facilities. In reserch facilities you can reserch new guns, mostly that enemys use, can reserch warframes but all that takes multiple day resech time. There are game events in wich players allways kinda keep their aye on the game to see if there is a alert mission in wich can be droped a mod card they want, or a accesorie item they want for a warframe wich can be bought only by real money but with alerts can get them free. Anything is posible when you play like a true ninja warior. My score for the game is 9.5/10 Game worth a try not your 2h bot it deserves more then that.
game-hours: 98.0
review: It was all fun and all when I first started playing this game. However after a couple of hours here and there, I feel like I have lost my passion to like this game. The only thing thats keeping me to play is the aesthetic look and the graphics. Everything feels like a grind fest and it's just seems so ridiculous you have to wait 12-24 hrs for an item you are building. The only way to get around this is if you use plats to speed up the process. :'(
game-hours: 39.2
review: nice looking game great gameplay and free....
game-hours: 2.0
review: Played Warframe with a few friends earlier today. We all agreed while it's great for a free to play game containing some beautiful graphical work, some interesting game mechanics, and good controller support, it gets tedious very quickly and nothing really makes it stand apart from a failed third-person action game like Too Human unfortunately. It's also quite a tough game to get a grip of as it contains lack of explaination about how certain aspects of upgrading and customising a character work. Regardless, I'd recommend giving it a bash, it's a good bit of fun at first but nothing I can see myself playing in the long term and spending money on! :)
game-hours: 12.4
review: This game is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G ! I love it ! It has so much customization and surprise ! Its not Pay 2 Win ! Really nice campaign and very cool Co-op. I recommend this game especically playing with friends. Its a MUST HAVE !
game-hours: 2433.7
review: Best F2P game I've personally found, has held my interest for going on a year now. Frequent updates (usually every other week), better than average community, and is easily the most polished (despite an 'official' release) F2p I've seen. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 273.0
review: Digital Extremes crafted an amazing free-to-play, third-person hybrid action-shooter in Warframe. Technically the game is just a more polished up version of their 2008 outing Dark Sector, but the polish has turned the game into something for the ages, making it one of the most badass free-to-play games on the market right now. The game originally launched last year to little fanfare but managed to grow a strong community based on the game's infectious lore and equally infectious gameplay. Basically, the story revolves around an ancient race of space ninjas known as the Tenno, who must serve and protect the interests of the galaxy from various overlords amassing their forces in the hostile alien races known as the Grineer and the Corpus. Simply enough, players in the role of the Tenno must don their Warframe bioskins (yes, the Warframes grow on the Tenno like skin) and sabotage, destroy, and disrupt the forces of the Corups and Grineer. The very basic plot outline sounds like typical MMO fanfare but my goodness does it work and work well, mostly because it's set against the motif of space-Ronin without proper masters doing all that they can to save the galaxy. The game starts when the Excalibur Tenno is freed from his chamber while Grineer forces are trying to collect and breed their own Warframes from the Tenno race, and that's where players hop in and start kicking butt and taking names. The actual tutorial stage is short, sweet and simple and doesn't even begin to tackle some of the more complex elements of the game. So how complex is the game? Well, the story is barebones, the dialogue is simple and the quests are all mostly repetitive and circulate around the same formula. What makes Warframe so complex and so badass is that the gameplay is just balls-to-the-walls awesome. You can wall-run (which isn't anything new), you can climb up anything you can reach, you can backflip off anything solid and you can shoot dodge like nobody's business. The game also has a variety of melee weapons that offer very, very, very different styles of play. For instance, using the dual-bladed pole-ax is nothing like using a long blade, or dual daggers, or boxing the crap out of enemies with modified armored hands. Each melee weapon requires a completely different approach to the gameplay that's rarely seen in many games. The attention to detail in the combat is one of those added reasons why Digital Extreme's free-to-play shooter is so addictive and yet so versatile in its approach to a tried and true gameplay format. The above example isn't even a remote exaggeration but more like an under-representation for some of the absolutely mega-badass things you can pull off in the game. It's insane. The game also has a variety of melee weapons that offer very, very, very different styles of play. For instance, using the dual-bladed pole-ax is nothing like using a long blade, or dual daggers, or boxing the crap out of enemies with modified armored hands. Each melee weapon requires a completely different approach to the gameplay that's rarely seen in many games. The attention to detail in the combat is one of those added reasons why Digital Extreme's free-to-play shooter is so addictive and yet so versatile in its approach to a tried and true gameplay format. But it doesn't end there... you can combine your melee combat with seamless transitions into special powers and abilities on a whim. Even more than that, you can transition from your powers and abilities (or melee combat) into shooting with your primary or secondary weapons with ease. For example, you can run across the side of a wall, jump off, split an enemy right down the middle with a sword (literally, split them down the middle Mortal Kombat-style) and then do a sideways flip and land a headshot while in mid-air, blowing the brains clean out of another enemy (and yes, you can see the brain particles fly if the graphics are turned up enough). And did I happen to mention you can customize your weapon stats, affixes and abilities like a micromanaging RPG fanatic? Well, you can. You want to freeze enemies with every pistol shot? No prob. How about combine fire and ice together along with electrical damage so that they burn, freeze and then convulse on the ground in a single swipe from your warhammer? Sure can do. Increased critical damage for fast-as-a-fly instant kill headshots? Done and done. While the game is as grindy as a butcher factory, the fact that the gameplay is fun more than makes up for it. Even more than this, all that fancy-schmancy Matrix-style, space-ninja stuff you can pull off isn't done to the effect of boredom. The game's difficulty scales like a crazy mofo. Instead of choosing a difficulty, the planets themselves work as the difficulty factor  the further out into the solar system you go, the harder it gets. The best part about Warframe's difficulty is that the game isn't artificially difficult. Yeah, a lot of you know exactly what I mean. Saints Row, Call of Duty, Mercenaries, Just Cause and Uncharted are prime culprits of having difficulty that scales artificially, and by that I mean that the AI isn't smarter, it's just more of them standing around and shooting incessantly without missing. It's a cop-out on difficulty. In Warframe the AI takes cover, calls for reinforcements, uses ship panels to lockdown areas or suppress players. It's difficulty done right and forces players to adapt cooperatively and get out of a situation using both skill and intelligence. Again, it's difficulty done right and this is just another reason why Warframe is so badass. After fixing some of the mod cards, balancing some of the Warframes themselves and expanding the universe, the game has come a long way since launch and offers players a really unique free-to-play experience that's hard to find anywhere else. Maiet will have their work cut out for them in Gunz 2. (This review was written by (CINEMABLEND)
game-hours: 12.6
review: Now when you WAnt a action MMo thats intense ,beautiful ,and unique from a third person perspective this is your answer "SPACE NINJA" .......enough said ....XD
game-hours: 286.8
review: Warframe is a great game. It's a PvE where people actually use teamwork! It's F2P and almoast all of the items that can be bought with real money can also be crafted by getting in-game resources and credits. The graphics are great, and so is the gameplay! It's a really fun game! The devs are great, and actually listen to the players on their forums! If there's a bug, you report it and they fix it in the next update! In short, warframe is a great PvE teamwork game. Also don't forget: Ninjas Play Free.
game-hours: 14.0
review: very good game to be free to play
game-hours: 154.5
review: Best way to become a ninja !!!
game-hours: 166.8
review: Pros: +Excellent F2P model (the only things you are forced to buy with the premium currency, Platium, are purely asethic; everything else can be crafted or traded for with enough patience) +Addictive gameplay +Good community +Lots of weapon and character choices +Involved dev team +Very pretty graphics for a F2P, and character and enemy designs are quite nice +Fun parkour system +Balanced difficulty +Highly customizable characters in terms of appearance and play-style +Multiplayer is some of the best I've seen Cons: -The same maps will show up again and again (though the devs are working to avert this) -Not all mechanics are fully explained in-game (such as the channeling mechanic for melee weapons) -Crafting can take DAYS of actual time (Ash Warframe: 72 hours), though thankfully it will track time even when you are not logged in Overall: One of the abosolute best F2P games on Steam, if not one of the better games overall. The game is free, so I highly recommend at least trying it out and deciding for yourself. Invite some friends while you're at it.
game-hours: 184.2
review: One of the best "Free to play game" on steam ever.
game-hours: 46.8
review: Hello, and welcome I guess to my NEW review of a game: Warframe. Okay so my earlier review got a really postive response so yes thank you! :D But now let's start with the Warframe review itself. So yeah the game is amazing and it has a lot of things to do in it. Missions are not boring but quite the opposite, they are really intresting and acually have sense, I acually played some games in which the missions have no sense with the game or the story. But Warframe as I said is amazing and a really good game if you're a ''super-natural'' fan or something about Ninjas this game is 100% for you :) So yeah that is a wrap of the that... I hope you will like this as you did my earlier review (it was Batman A.C.). Have a nice day of evening depends on the which part of the day you're reading this.
game-hours: 1020.0
review: Spending That Much time To play this game , Did you see me i quit game Yet ? Third Person SPace Ninja, Time to Make it worth to play
game-hours: 567.2
review: You know what? Within a month(Possibly even a few weeks) I sunk over a hundred hours into this game. And I would like to say those are the best hundred hours I've had in awhile. First of all, THERE WILL BE GRINDING/FARMING. This game kinda works like that. I understand not everyone has the patience to well grind for a certain items(In the newest update, kubrow eggs will be your worst nightmare in farming, unless RNG is on your side. Then I hate you), but I do think it's worth while because it gives you that feeling of progress towards what you want. And that feels pretty good. Second, there are microtransactions, but they are not needed. You will only need them when you want to fully buy/rush something, want to but additional accersories(color packs, armor, etc.), and when you want to trade for certain items. I must say, this game handles microtransactions very well. As long as you don't spend it too fast. Like two of my friends. Which I will not metion either of them. Third, this game will (sometimes) require some sort of teamwork. Like other people to help you. I used to think you can fully "beat the game" all by yourself, until a certain entity called "The Stalker" absolutly whopped my . Then I realized, "I need a team to play with...". I'm not sure if you can fully solo the game from the beggining but if you can, i'd be happy to know. Last of all, it's just fun to explore every weapon and warframe in the game. I mean when I first built a warframe that had the ability to stop ALL damage coming to her, bring out energy claws to rip people up, and gain her health back? I was damn well surprised and I still enjoy the warframe up to date. I recommend this game to anyone who is interested in RPG like elements and a game that you and your friends could enjoy. I mean who doesn't enjoy being a space ninja cutting people in half, shootting people up, and jumping all over the place? I enjoy it. Immensely.
game-hours: 773.7
review: Never tired of playing this game. Amazing graphics, goog AI and maintenance which is very impressive for a F2P game. Hope I've convinced you to at least give it a try, nothing to miss.
game-hours: 333.8
review: hey guess what  I lost my life
game-hours: 818.1
review: I've been a part of this game since the closed beta. I've seen a ton of changes and don't let steam fool you. I've logged in more than 400 hours on this baby right here. You play as a Tenno. A master of the warframe armor. The universe is set years and years after Dark Sector (DE confirmed that Hayden Tenno was indeed the "O.G." Tenno.) where the Tenno are at war with 2 factions: The Corpus and The Grineer. Both of which are at war with each other and the result is an imbalance in the system which the Tenno are tasked with balancing. There is a fourth faction, the sentient Infected. The technocyte ravaged beings twisted into monsters after years of dividing and acquiring biomass, they pose a threat to everyone in the universe. The game itself has quite a learning curve but the community makes it so easy to learn. There are a ton of events and rare items as well as alert missions that allow you to take certain rare items or platinum items that you could buy in-game with microtransactions but the game allows you to get them for free. You don't need to spend unless you want to. Prime frames are the same. (You grind for them to get em for free) I personally spent money into this game and am a founder and have not regretted spending money on this game. It has given me so much fun and joy and i just love being a space ninja. 10/10 Easily one of the best games i have ever played.
game-hours: 257.2
review: Time Played: 104 hours Past week: 103 hours ... I vaguely remember that I had a life once....
game-hours: 1282.8
review: One of the best F2P games I have played. Proud member of the Design Council.
game-hours: 81.9
review: Help me.
game-hours: 66.0
review: Pros: Nice graphics Great variety of Warframes and weapons and... it's "free" Cons: "Ninjas play free" - more like "mindless drones collecting resources so they can make better gear to collect more resources with play free" Even though the game is "free to play", there is only very little you can't buy with real money. As in, you can either spend 3-4 days (depending on how much do you play) farming for resources to get a new Warframe (character "class") and then spend another 2-3 days building it OR you can just buy it for 20 dollars The game does everything in its power to make you throw money at it - Want a pet? You can either farm for an egg which can drop from dens present only on one planet, usually found in quantities of 4 per mission, then you have to farm for credits and resource obtainable only in special area accessible only with a key received from several missions as a random reward, then you have to craft an item to even begin the breeding and then you have to wait 4 days before your pet matures. OR you can throw money at the game to bypass all this . But that's not all! If you happen to not play the game for a while, your pet will die because you have to "feed" it with item that costs quite a lot of credits. There was also a new resource introduced some time ago, which drops only from one enemy in the game that also happens to attempt suicide whenever he sees you to make you even angrier and drop money to bypass boring grind Cash shop is incredibly overpriced - 40 dollars for a discounted pack with three weapons, out of which only one is "good" and a color palette (weapons in that pack also have extremely small chance of dropping from a single enemy in the game, who happens to be someone who can and more often than not will kill you before you even notice... coincidence maybe?) Those color palettes cost about 4 dollars each and there is about 10 in the store... The game is focused on grinding and farming - if you want to play high level content you have to level up some gear and farm credits and resources to get your mastery rank up so you can then start farming resources for the good gun viable in high level missions so you can grind and farm even more to get even better weapons so you can grind all the mods and credits faster so you can repeat the whole process more effectively Game is intentionally gear based - Literally no amount of skill can help you if you don't have good gear/mods Bosses are just bullet sponges with the "weakspot" mechanic Drop tables are diluted, especially when new gear comes out Games are hosted on players' computers, so expect heavy lag and common disconnects TL;DR If you enjoy doing the same boring and tedious thing over and over and over again, this game is probably for you. On the other hand, if you don't like being ripped off by greedy developer, you should look somewhere else.
game-hours: 527.0
review: I castrated a man with a bow and arrow and chopped him into 4 peices with my glowing ninja sword. 10/10 would castrate again
game-hours: 17.8
review: Hey everyone! I'm new here and this is my first game to play. I like this game, I played it just now and I think it's a very interesting game. The graphic looks cool, the design of it looks awesome, and I think it's about somekind of alien? right? sorry if I get it wrong. Since it's the first time for me to play games at steam, I was really excited to find this game as my first game to play which is free and it has a cool graphic too. I'm worry about my computer though because it's lagging like hell these days, I hope it's nothing. Anyway, this is real cool game, you really should try it, and also it's free to play.. Now I'm going to play some more :)
game-hours: 2822.7
review: One of the best F2P ever created . It has ton's of replay value & you can always play with friends. One of the best feature of this game is crafting . You can craft various weapons & helmets & many other stuffs that you need for causing havoc or showing off . A must play for those who likes shooter . I recommend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 47.2
review: GOD DAMN SPACE NINJAS
game-hours: 1604.2
review: Because farming is "fun" :)
game-hours: 196.6
review: Ok im a new player of this game. I just started right before the new UI update (Your Ship) that just came out a few weeks ago.I have to say this is without a dought one of the best F2P out there at the moment.The game starts were you can pick out of 3 free Tennos.You can get more Tennos from the store for Plat (paid currency) or you can farm them for free by buying the plans off the market for credits (free currency) .You can get Tenno Parts and Plans and weapons plans off boss fights and as login rewards and misson rewards.The games game play is pretty much 3rd person action game,think Gears of War meets the pilot part of Titanfall ;) The GFX are amazing ,has to be the best gfx i have seen in a F2P!!The games controlls are spot on you can slide dash and run off walls and melee your target real fast and move very fluid back to your main weapon or side arm.As for the missons they do get repetitive, but there is so much action that you dont seem to mind bigtime when your tenno and mods lvl up :) There are a buch of diffrent mission modes are as follows --> Assassination  Capture  Conclave  Deception  Endless/Wave Defense  Escape  Exterminate  Hijack Interception  Invasion (Solar Rail)  Mobile Defense  Rescue  Sabotage (Hive)  Spy  Survival PvP  Environmental Hazards!! There is also mission Alerts also this pay good credits and have gear and weapon plans at times you can make in your Foundry . The game has Solo Play and Squad Based Action of 4 players. There is also settings for Friends Only and Invite Only.So you can be Social or Anti Social as you want its up to you :) The real beauty of this game shines in the MODs they are like cards you collect and lvl up and add to your Tenno and Weapons.They can take a average Tenno or Weapon and make it superior. As for the paying part of the game they have a good slection of prices and you really dont need to buy any unless you want stuff fast and dont feel like farming or want cosmetic addons for your gear and Tenno.I would recommend saving your Plat or buy Plat just for Tenno Spots(20 Plat) and Weapon Inventory slots(12 Plat 2 slots) ;) But if you are like me and dont mind spending on a few Plat to help suppport a real good F2P by all means spend away !! :) Plat price packages range from $4.99 (74 plat) to $199.99 (4300 plat + Rare Card mods).I give this game as a F2P a wopping 9/10 only reason i gave it a one point deduction is i think the prices in the store could be a tad cheaper.But all in all a darn good game so give it a shot if you are looking for a solid action game!!! See you on the Battle Field TENNO!!!!
game-hours: 8.4
review: This has hot female warframes that gives me raging boners. My favorite is Saryn because she has the biggest boobs out of all of them. I really want to motorboat and tit them. OH YEAH?
game-hours: 265.5
review: Fun game, very addicting :D 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 101.7
review: Grindframe. 11/10
game-hours: 220.0
review: More of a Warfarm than a warframe. I have become quite addicted to this free to play game. Most things are available in the game with out having to pay cash for it. Just requires a bit of farming to get. Only things that arent, are Warframe slots, weapon slots, and vanity stuff like scarfs and colours. Third person 4 player co-op shooter/hack and slash. But of course if you are too lazy to farm stuff up... you can always pay money for new frames and weapons too.
game-hours: 104.3
review: Warframe is a free to play game where you can play co-op up to four players or solo if you wish. Really great games and a lot of customization for different play styles and it gets updated constantly which is always a good thing. You play as a space ninja wizard with guns, exploring different planets in the solar system, obtaining minerals, blue prints and mods to create your character build and craft new weapons and make new warframes. After playing for 68 hours I'm still having fun so that's saying something. I still have not explored all the planets yet. Overall, I really enjoy the game and love that the game gets updated with new content so frequently.
game-hours: 173.3
review: This is a top notch f2p 4 player co-op shooter / plat-former; however, if you and your friends are looking for a game with a solid story line and character development, look some place else. While the free running is tons of fun to master, the levels are massive and the combat is fast pace and thrilling, the game is without a doubt a grind. Get a mod; level a mod. Get a frame; level a frame. Get a gun; level a gun. There are tons of guns, mods and frames to level, but without a team of friends to do it with, I could see the task being a bit daunting. The levels you play in are HUGE! But, The maps are cooky cutter to say the least. It can take ten minutes to make it to the escape, passing one deja vu after another. Lots of detail and care went into some parts of the environment while others are dull and uninviting. The free running is a blast! So fluent and fun to play around with. Tough to pull off in combat, but that's what keeps you trying it again and again. Unless you look up videos that show all that there is to learn, it will take a long time to figure out all of the techniques. The graphics are shiny and clean. A fun game to look at and it is extremely well optimized. The character models have great detail and the colors can be customized... that is If you buy a color pallet, the b***ards! The weapons fall a bit short. There are a ton to choose from, but a lot of them feel very similar; fortunately, the melee weapons are a good balance with the guns. Each player can also have a "sentinel" that does a number of useful things: attacking enemies and picking up loot items are examples. All the weapons can be modified through a unique leveling and modding system that I have only seen in this game. It works well, but adds to the inescapable grind. The combat is splendid. There is a good variety to the enemies, and a solid balancing system that can lead to easy push-over style fights, and intense battles that have the players pushed to the edge at all times. The free running plays a large role in the combat. Over all, the game is the perfect addition to any group of friends looking to add another good co-op shooter the their lists. Plenty to grind and plenty to uncover and discover. I recommend buying "some" platinum in the being. It can take a while to get going without it.
game-hours: 220.0
review: More of a Warfarm than a warframe. I have become quite addicted to this free to play game. Most things are available in the game with out having to pay cash for it. Just requires a bit of farming to get. Only things that arent, are Warframe slots, weapon slots, and vanity stuff like scarfs and colours. Third person 4 player co-op shooter/hack and slash. But of course if you are too lazy to farm stuff up... you can always pay money for new frames and weapons too.
game-hours: 575.6
review: I think I may have problem...
game-hours: 1020.6
review: Introduction: This is a dungeon/instances based action third person mmo (kinda like vindictus, dragon nest, etc) I have 1k+ hours.. and I play this since CBT (which was way before it came to steam) I can say for sure I gave this game my time and hopes for get a good experience as the game gets made on the go~ I really wanna write a wall of text explaining why this game is soo good and WHY is kinda bad at the same time, but let's be honest here nobody likes to read now days~ so ill try to keep it short starting with the good and bad things, but if you feel like reading bit more, please, do so. Good and Bad things: +New content every week. +Developers that are close to the community. +Not real paying restrictions that will f*ck up your enjoyment. +Nice graphics (they're nice, not mind blowing but nice) +Great amount/variety of characters with their unique set of skills. +Cool upgrade systems with mods (that look like 3d cards) which you can add to your character, weapons, pets, etc. +Well set up, in depth and immersive enviroments. +Variety of missions. -It gets repetitive (yes, even though it does has several game modes, maps, and lots of content) -Long period of wait time for build (craft) each thing in the game, and you will be doing that a lot (we talking from 12h to 72h of wait time) These can be rushed with in game currency, but you don't wanna be doing that with every thing you build.. so it is definetly a downside. -Glitchy and buggy at times, plus cam angle will be a total mess if you downside your aim in close to any in game model (npc/other players will turn into giant monsters if you do so hahaha and I doubt they ever fix this) -LAG yes, this game will lag if you get paired with a bad host, you can "fix" this by putting ping/region restriction, but keep in mind this is a F2p, most people playing will be people with not great internet connections and if you put restrictions you will find yourself playing alone most of the time. -Broken pvp, as this was never meant to be a pvp game, DEVS put it almost by force by high demand from the community and believe me, you wanna stay out of that and stick to pve experience. -It gets grindy at times, mainly toward 60+ hours when you start farming for new mods, and weapon parts.. etc you can get these by trade but the most rare ones will requiere almost an equal item rarity or platinum for make the trade happen. Also for rank (level) up your stuffs will need several time of grindy missions for get it done, no matter how many game modes they add into the game~ for get the stuff level up fast you will often find yourself playing the same game modes: survival and defense. A short txt of what you should know: The game started to be a very early beta (more alpha like) with only 1 map type, and the overall game was barely 2gigs size.. Now after 2 years (I think) the game is 10+ gigs. and that fact should give you an idea of how much content the developers put into the game ever since it was released. The game gets weekly updates, most of the time every wednesday and is just a new weapon, skin, or some random thing but you can be sure new content will arrieve every week. For MAJOR content update, these come every 2 to 3 months, and normaly it's a HUGE update that will change the entire game experience (unfortunally, so far, the core gameplay it's still the same and grindy.. I highly doubt they can improve that no matter what crazy content they add into the game) The So called "F2P Restrictions": As almost every F2P they need to make some money out of you, and unfortunally is not just costume, or skins, they have a system in the game that went worst over time, this system is that will requiere certain amount of time to build (craft) every new weapons, warframes (heroes you play with), almost anything will requiere at least 12+ hour to build. BUT if you do decide you can "RUSH" the build time instantly if you use "Platinum" (in game currency that you can acquire by paying real money, or by doing trade with other players) It is not a huge downside, but it is something to keep in mind, as you won't really see it when you start playing, and more when you get at least 20 to 40+ hours in the game. Other restrictions that you will notice right when get into the game, is that you will need Platinum once again for buy warframe slots, weapon slots, pets...and almost everything will always requiere a slot that you will need to buy (these are cheap tho, 20p warframe, and just 12 for the rest.. you can get 75p for 5$ also, once again, you can get plat by trading with other players) Overall and all I give a thumbs up because I did had my fair fun time with the game, and I do really recommend it, but keep it casual, this is not a game you wanna put 100s of hours in, as it will get repetitive and boring fairly quickly. The small restrictions are a bit of pain in the , but is not that bad, is playable, enjoyable, but I feel the need to say that these restrictions will get worst over time so if I was you, I would play this casually. If you put the time in it (which I already stated that you should NOT do so) you could have a truly full FREE TO PLAY game. --HAVE FUN!
game-hours: 583.5
review: Grinding has never been so time consuming
game-hours: 115.8
review: Honestly, this is one of the best video games i have ever played. If you are a fan of mass effect than you will have a great time with this game. everything from the graphics to the market, to the battle mechanics of the game, are all well developed. At first glance, i saw that they provided a tutorial for this game which blew my mind away, usually i have to figure out controls on my own with games, but this game ensured that everyone will know the basic mechanics of the game and how to keep up with the players online.
game-hours: 575.4
review: Everything you once knew about this game has changed. Back when all of us tried it in beta, this game was only "OK." It did get repetitive, and eventually, my wife and I quit. Recently, I've come back to what seems to be one of the most expansive changes ever. This game has me completely hooked in so many ways now. Base building, PvP, Void Key missions, New Frames, New Weapons, etc... Everything can be earned with enough patience. No money is needed to be spent. (Though it does speed things up quite a bit.)
game-hours: 423.3
review: Space: the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Turbo Pecs. Its continuing mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no tenno has gone before
game-hours: 330.2
review: Extremely fun game, Good graphics, and a whole lot of things to do. Pros +Replayability +Wide Assortment of Weapons +Very good graphics +Smooth controls Cons -New weapons that come out are usually a tad overpowered -Some very odd framerate issues -Lots of bugs but these are usually closer to the "bethesda hilarious" bugs rather than bugs that ruin your experience Yeah, try it out!
game-hours: 184.5
review: Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind. Nope, still getting Mag prime helmet drops.
game-hours: 48.0
review: Very well done. A lot of fun this game provides, really makes you think youre a ninja.
game-hours: 134.1
review: Ratting: 8/10 Graphix: Good Gameplay: Awesome Story: Good Multiplayer: Good customization: Amazing This game is really fun and its worth giving a try.This is my favorite free to play game so far. I Recommend this game to people who like [3rd person] games.
game-hours: 206.1
review: I've never been a fan of free to play games on steam, mostly because most are Pay To Win or Pay To Play (seriously what is going on with all this garbage on steam nowadays?). Anywho, WarFrame is the exact opposite. To be honest, I wouldn't mind buying this game. It is worth it, mostly because of all the things you can do in this game. You can craft weapons, you can attach mods to your weapons, change color, buy weapons, BUY WARFRAMES AND ALL THAT WITH CREDITS. IN GAME ITEMS THAT BUY THINGS. DEVELOPERS TAKE NOTES. The multiplayer is great as well, if a mission is too hard to accomplish call a friend over, it is more fun and easier for you as well. I rate this game a 9/10, if you don't fancy buying games, play this one, it is worth it.
game-hours: 210.2
review: For a free to play game, I honestly didn't have much hope in this. Yeah, it had the cliche flashy trailer with great special effects etc etc, but still, we all know how free to play games are. They're almost always hooked up with that pay-to-win crap that everyone truthfully hates. I must say, after playing this game once with a few of my friends, I was immediately hooked, and still am to this moment enjoying the game's graceful fluent and loose gameplay. The mixture of freerunning with combat, very unique weapons, and lovely little original touches, truthfully made the game quite graceful to me. It doesn't over-dramasize everything, but at the same time, it isn't exactly boring. Everything is nice, balanced, and even the community is fun. I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a nice free-to-play experience, and even recommend it to those willing to spend money. With or without putting real life currency into the game itself, doesn't change the joy of playing it in my honest opinion. I joyfully give this game a 9/10.
game-hours: 803.2
review: Warframe's a game of grinding, grinding to get better weapons, frames and much more. But in the end, the game's still in beta. The game is constantly evolving for the better, by adding new game modes, new frames, new weapons and new features. Which are sure to keep you busy for a good while.
game-hours: 186.2
review: In my opinion it is the best, i play the game most of the time and this shows space ninjas rule. The fact that the story is straight and forward (save the solar system from evil aliens) the Tenno are called to do the job and fight of waves of Grineer e.t.c and rescue other Tenno to save our solar system. SPOILER ALERT! Play the game to find out more and other wounderful content it has like warframes(Tenno), weapons, sentinals, pets, dojos (remember Tenno are ninja), your very own ship, its insanely awsome. Play the game and remember ninja play free.
game-hours: 50.6
review: Two words: Space Ninjas. That is all.
game-hours: 7.1
review: If you don't own a console to play "Destiny", then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 1354.4
review: This game is wonderful... sure its an endless grind but thats the fun part its killing things and its a beautiful game nothing more nothing less I play as Saryn all in pink everything i have is pink the customization is getting there.. the graphics are great i recommend this to any person that is a stat lover
game-hours: 421.2
review: Totally just... KICKASS!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 172.5
review: One of my favourite games.
game-hours: 512.7
review: best play to win game. you dont need to pay for this game to get any content and it makes a lot of fun
game-hours: 375.7
review: This game has its moments. The graphics and combat are fluid and eye capturing. Unfortunately, like many other F2P games it becomes a very tedious grind for anything you need, be it a frame, weapon, or etc. Say if you're the lazy type also and you want to purchase Platinum (in-game currency) it doesn't help that it is very expensive for how little in return you get. All in all like most other games it has good parts and bad parts. So anyone contemplating it should just give it a whirl and see for yourself.
game-hours: 30.2
review: In Warframe, you play as a Tenno, a member of a species of ancient warriors that have reemerged to lay waste to the various nefarious species populating the solar system. Your foes include the Grineer, a jackbooted army of deteriorating humanoid clones; the Corpus, a mix-and-match crew of robotic and human parts; and the Infestation, a bunch of shambling organic creatures that vaguely resemble the Flood from the Halo series. While your enemies are visually uninteresting, a lot of the Tenno suits and weapons have a great sense of style that imbues Warframe with a spark of personality. Each species has a cursory backstory, and there is some lore to be found buried in the menus, but there's no narrative thrust or intrigue to speak of. And so you run mission after mission, moving outward from the sun as you level up your loadout and become a more proficient killer.The core combat of Warframe is straightforward. This is a third-person action game in which you wield two primary weapons and a melee weapon against foes who are largely content to come right at you. You also gain suit powers that allow you to dash and slash through a bunch of enemies, or stun all foes within a certain radius, though these abilities can change drastically depending on what suit you equip. You could unleash fiery maelstroms, turn invisible, create a decoy, use teleportation to switch places with an enemy, or manipulate your foes to fight against their allies. Acquiring new suits, however, requires a significant investment of time or money.Regardless of what powers you have equipped, you can often wage effective war against your enemies by firing on them from a distance, then slicing up the ones who manage to get close. This tactic grows tiresome after a while, however, and doesn't serve you well as you take on tougher levels. Fortunately, you can combine your ability to jump, sprint, and crouch into an acrobatic array of slides, flips, jump kicks, wall runs, leaping slashes, and more. Though there's a certain rigidity to your movement, your mobility is one of the most interesting and enjoyable things about Warframe, and it's fun to zip around your enemies, slashing and shooting until the only ones left standing are your fellow Tenno.You can run Warframe missions with up to three other players, and while flying solo is definitely possible in the early going or when you're grinding for experience or resources, teaming up becomes necessary as you tackle tougher missions. ighting your way through fiendish hordes with the help of some allies can be very satisfying, especially when there's a good mix of powers in play. Coordinating with friends is the best way to get this kind of experience, because jumping into matches or having folks join you can lead to lopsided situations.If there's a gap in player level or a mismatch with the mission challenge, as often happens, your cooperative missions can devolve into all-out sprints as players easily cut their way through enemies they far outclass.To minimize such gaps, you can focus on playing only new missions, since those tend to scale toward the upper bound of your capabilities. To spice things up, you may want to acquire a new gun, a new melee weapon, or a new suit. Warframe is free to play, but you must spend either time or money to acquire new items. Currently, new suits range roughly from $5 to $25, with new weapons falling close to the lower end of that spectrum. Alternatively, you can purchase blueprints to craft new weapons and suits using in-game currency. It takes a significant amount of time to save up the money for a new blueprint, and then you must spend even more time acquiring the resources to actually craft it.Even if you skip the lengthy crafting process by using real-world currency, you still have to spend time leveling up your new gear. Jumping into a high-level mission with a brand-new suit is a death sentence, so it's back to lower levels to grind for experience. As your gear levels up, you gain more slots to modify it using boosters picked up during combat. Adding abilities to suits, improving the attributes of your gear, and imbuing your weapon with elemental damage are just some of the things mods can do. Unfortunately, the system to apply and improve mods is poorly laid out and barely explained, leaving you on your own to figure things out.Some problematic menus pale in comparison to Warframe's real problem: a pervasive tendency toward repetition. Whether you're forging ahead with a high-level suit or leveling up a new one, Warframe repeats enemies, environments, and scenarios too frequently. Without new challenges for your combat abilities, the excitement soon dries up, leaving you without a compelling reason to keep playing.As it is now, Warframe's interesting combat mechanics are too quickly overcome by the grind of repetition.
game-hours: 552.1
review: It's like super cocaine, it doesn't kill you but after aweek, you wouldn't know the difference.
game-hours: 16.3
review: At first, I REALLY didnt like this game. I played it back in January of 2014 for a couple hours and felt utterly lost and confused on what was going on. Fast forward to two days ago when a member of my clan started playing it out of the blue. Once again I reinstalled it and started from where I left my 'Mag' Warframe. Again, I was confused, lost and irritated along with my clansmen. So, rather than give up I turned to the almighty TUBE and found a small 3 part series of videos that broke it all down really easily and quickly. I can honestly say I'm pretty hooked now. I really like it. For a Free to Play its very good for almost EVERYTHING can be bought or better yet, built with patience, the forge and mats. Of course, you could buy them. But I'm proud to say that I have a Rhino Warframe chassis currently being built and it will be completed early in the morning. (Its like having a new toy in the morning waiting) So I'm excited, I found a new addiction and am enjoying myself. You might too, its free and I'll link the very helpful videos below.
game-hours: 211.1
review: Warframe.... warframe you strange beast, you're repetitive, and obnoxious but damn I love you. I love you because the implications in your universe make me want to know how people live in that setting. combat is a bit choppy but well done, F2P is one of the better models (aside from a wait-to-progress gear and a few powerful frames being locked behind absurdly hard-to-unlock-bosses) updates have been both fleshing out the content and the universe, actual languages given to the inhabitants, unique bosses that are less reskins and more something that actually challenges- well, entertains at least. when I left in 2012, warframe was space-ninjas with unique powers fighting nebulous empires with bland-voiced stormtroopers. when I came back, I returned to a four-way galatic war, between a dogmatic corporate religion, a militarist legion of recursive clones, transhuman assassins struggling to retain their humanity, and an infestation so virulent that it makes the former three point their guns at it in unity. there needs to be some frickin' books made about this game!
game-hours: 1485.4
review: I just love this game, feels like a Bad  version of Mass Effect without the exploration and story. Best of all its CO OP!!! XD Not big on variety and like I mentioned Zero Story, but its free so...
game-hours: 323.0
review: Totally not pay2win
game-hours: 258.0
review: Playing this game is a must if you like Third Person Shooters and parkour. It's just perfect in everything; The developers are very nice people, the game is completely balanced as a F2P game with real currency(i.e. Platinum which you can get for real money or during giveaways). Graphics are stunning, gameplay is great, ofcourse there are some bugs. Also, there's not a single thing such as "IF YOU WANT TO KILL EVERYONE IN A FEW SECONDS, BUY THIS PREMIUM STATUS AND BUY ALL THE OP GUNS THAT YOU CAN ONLY GET FOR REAL MONEY!" unlike in most of the other F2P MMO games. You can get every single weapon that is in the game just by playing! You can suggest things to be added into the game as well(you can do that on their forum). This game is in good hands, therefore it is good itself aswell. I have to tell, I barely ever make reviews, and if I do : it's either a perfectly done game or a terrible one. This one was worth the time I spent typing this. :L
game-hours: 1640.3
review: Great game with lots of amazing weapons and warframes. It gives you that hardcore mmo grind vibe in bite sized portions, that you can dip in and play for 10-30 minutes and still be able to break off and leave if you need to. They constantly keep adding new content which is great to see in any mmo. I was stand offish about this game a long time and regret not playing it sooner now. If you are on the fence about this game give it a try.
game-hours: 1603.3
review: Interesting non-standard cooperative shooter
game-hours: 2086.2
review: Great graphic's, one of the best dev teams i've encountered to date, probably the best F2P model i've seen as well. If you don't mind a grind and have the time to actually work to obtain your things in this game it's definitely worth a look. It's Co-op need's some work to actually make missions feel as a team effort, as it stands it pretty much Run n Gun and blow everything up, which is pretty great too. The constant hotfixes which take place through the week also show their dedication to the current community. Just an overall refreshing experience
game-hours: 1706.4
review: Great game for all play styles, customization allows you to play the type of game you want to play. You can build your warframe up to be a tank (absorb and deal a great deal of damage), stealth(for the ninjas out there), manipulation(yup mind control your enemies) and or room clearer(not overly strong but power to kill everything close by). Overall just a fast paced, configurable, very enjoyable Third person shooter.
game-hours: 8.0
review: Gears of Ninja with Mass Effect Stupid Face + Fake Unreal Engine 3 of Hell Hardcore with Coop LOL PLOX WTF H4X0zRD... Who are you? no... NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! OIAHSFIOHJFepihWF0OH HWG34GREAOWEH 678QGPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
game-hours: 859.5
review: Why are you wasting time reading this? Play the damn game.
game-hours: 651.1
review: Online ...  =w= (  ...  Online Game.  =W= This is best online game ever :) Almost all items in the game you can get Anyway , this game just kill someone , get resources , Level up Warframe and Others :P -------------------------------------------------------------------------- It's fun! :D I really hope that my English grammar no error :-/
game-hours: 3590.5
review: Warframe is the best grindfest game I have ever played. havne't played it yet? Be sure to download it and get playing!
game-hours: 2338.0
review: Worst game.
game-hours: 0.6
review: Add this farmville to facebook plis
game-hours: 2027.4
review: Please play this game it's worth a try. I Promise! :D <3 I haven't been able to stop playing it! :D It's AWESOME! Warframe is the only game I play :p
game-hours: 83.6
review: Awesome 3rd person shooter sci fi game
game-hours: 0.9
review: Space samurais!
game-hours: 10.8
review: Well this game is the best "NINJA" games ever. Its hard to get the similar game like this one. Full of fun!
game-hours: 126.6
review: The game is pretty cool, and its just in beta yet. A perfect mix of co-op, tps, and hack-n-slash, and you can get every warframe and weapon for free.
game-hours: 100.7
review: I never thought I would be so satisfied with being a space ninja, but warframe brings excellent content, phenominal mechanics, a nice community, smooth graphics and extraordinary gameplay. Although, it falls behind with the P2W mechanics and repetive aspect, it is worth the time to become immersed in the games crafting system to suit your needs to become an assassin, a manipulator, a crowd controller or even a class that slices and bursts through a mission. I find this game much more satisfying after playing for about 9 hours, when equipment, ablilities and gameplay clearly improves for your warframe. :D
game-hours: 766.1
review: i cant wait to be a useless piece of  all day and grind kela de thaym  IM FALLING DOWN ALL THESE ROLLER MINES I WARNED YOU ABOUT ROLLER MINES TENNO!!!! I TOLD YOU MAG! IT KEEPS HAPPENING I TOLD YOU MAG I TOLD YOU ABOUT ROLLER MINES!
game-hours: 1566.7
review: It's the Grindneer.
game-hours: 578.1
review: Amazing shooter worth cheking out.
game-hours: 156.0
review: Awesome game,awesome graphics.You spend some hours in this game, I can guarantee this
game-hours: 7.2
review: EPIC
game-hours: 652.8
review: Nice 3rd person shooter with interesting wall-running system, tonz of hardcore action and badass setting
game-hours: 797.3
review: I cut 2 legs off an enemy without legs. 10/10
game-hours: 178.9
review: you can be the mall ninja of your dreams
game-hours: 16.5
review: My graphic card exploded. 10/10
game-hours: 1289.6
review: Cool game, you should really give it a try :D
game-hours: 67.3
review: Almost all the best things ever are in this game. Ninjas, Robots, Swords, Guns, Space, Ships, Spaceships, Planets, Markets, Pets, Sentrys and more
game-hours: 807.5
review: Yes.
game-hours: 13.2
review: enough to make a black man cry
game-hours: 116.2
review: This game can be a pain when first starting off but gets greater and greater when some time has been put into it, like if u get put with some people with prime everything they take over and u dont get any kills to level up your weps but u still get xp for letting your friends get the kills. There are also many updates on warframe as well daily 7mb updates and each month a larger one, that can be very painful for people with slower internet speeds like I. when it comes to trading, too many people are willing to sell than buy from others witch can can be frustrating just to sell a single piece or to trade for it. but when u get up to the harder missions u can just find the part that your looking for on a hard planet. In conclusion if u have a spare couple of GB's u should download it for the gameplay.
game-hours: 19.8
review: free to play, awesome motherfukkkkkooon awesome. think Halo, but with bada$$ warframes with powers. worth a try its a great shooter to play alone or with friends ......(.`.) .......)...) ......(....) .......\...\ ........\...\. .......-.'......`.-.... ../...................`..... .(............)............`..-.._...,..........._ ..)........,.'.......................(...\.-.-..'..( ..\......(...................)..../................\. ....\.....\._.(.........../....(........<6....(6 ......\._.).).).\........(.......`.._.........:Y.).__ ....................\........`-..._....'..-..-.-^._.).).) .......................`.-..._...).).) ................................... l ..........................................................................    ............................................................................l ~ ............................................................................f_, ) Meow!
game-hours: 4.6
review: Fast pace game that can be difficult to learn, but it won't take to long. The game is fun with friends, because you can all do a mission completely silent without someone you don't know comes in and ruins it. Besides its ninjas who could hate this game?
game-hours: 1168.3
review: This game is just so amaizing, the graphics are more than for a F2P game and everything in this game is unlockable so you dont need monay to get everything and this game got combat and stealth styles so choose which one fits you!
game-hours: 856.0
review: It's a great game. Whoever says it's pay to win lies. You don't have to spend any cent on the game, and tbh you can get all the items without spending a single penny. I did and i can do any mission on the game without problems. Only problem it has is that the end game might not be that great yet but it has plenty of updates and they care about players opinion and feedback. Also the community is great. Only drawback is the bugs, but hey is beta and most of the time (over 95% of the time) works fine. It has continous updates and events and also the alert system keeps you always busy. Archwing (next patch) looks awesome. This game has great pontential and they wanna be sure to explore it. Its an awesome game and it's free... Hope to meet you there!
game-hours: 7.2
review: EPIC
game-hours: 210.7
review: Warframe was really fun for the first time, and it was pretty addicting for a while. However, once I started constantly grinding I began to lose interest for the game and end up not being interested in it anymore. From the short time I've played I ended up having 2 dreams and other stuff happening due to the Tetris effect kicking in so quickly. It's addicting as hell for a while, so I recommend it (so long as you don't mind reducing a few grades).
game-hours: 454.5
review: I've spent far too much time and money on this game, so I can say that it's one of the best free to play games out there. They've managed to make it free to play without making it pay to win, so props to Digital Extremes for that. There's a huge variety of ways to play this game, and there is no single best playstyle. Whether you like to stay unseen and pick off your enemies from a safe distance or you just want to get in your enemies' faces, whether you like to play co-op or solo, you can do all of it, and all of it very well. Its gameplay is an absolute blast. Space ninjas are ing awesome. It's a bit of a work in progress, and DE periodically releases huge updates that greatly improve it. I have few complaints about this game, but it does have flaws. The first one is an almost absolute lack of story. It has a good introduction, but then it just kind of throws you out to a solar system filled with seemingly out-of-place boss battles, some of which just seem a too hastily thrown together. It also has numerous logical fallicies, such as how it's always snowing on Venus. My last complaint is that it's pure grind. You spend the whole game farming resources and leveling up your stuff so you can get better stuff. If you're willing to overlook its flaws, and are willing to accept it as a work in progress, you will have a great time with this game.
game-hours: 124.1
review: Optimized for all computers , gamer's one or cheaper ,it's really good game where we can fight with our friends or alone ,different options for each missions ,stealth or not ,it's the best sci-fi game ever . A lot of missions , planets (but some mission are using same maps with some modifications and it still fun ) ,a lot of heroes with specials abilities for each . 10/10 Great Job
game-hours: 50.7
review: This game is phenominal. If you are looking for an intense Online Sci-fi Third Person Shooter, you've found it right here! Assume the role of a Tenno Warframe, busting out some ninja parkour moves to get around with a very smooth movement system, craft your own weapons, kill enemies, find mods, use mods to upgrade your weapons, and much much more. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone looking for an amazing online co-op shooter!
game-hours: 611.7
review: at first i thought that this game would require me to use real money to make it worthwhile...but the more ive played,the more i realise that we dont need to spend any money at all to have fun in this game.i recommend this to everyne who wants to have fun without spending any money:)
game-hours: 541.3
review: Warframe Is one of the few games out there that Really impressed me. With it's many places to go and many "Warframes" to play as it definently has Diversity with the amount of characters it has along with all the guns and other things you can have. The amount of things you will figure out in this game will amaze but you must Realize that this is basically like Borderlands or any other tough single player game. I Would suggest having a few friends to play with because alone this game is nearly impossible with the massive amount of enemies it sends at you. It could use a little difficulty tweaking but all in all makes up for it by being one of the few games that lets you use Parkour as most people call it otherwise known as being able to run on walls and other things like that. All In All an Amazing Diverse game that makes up for little story by having amazing gameplay mechanics.
game-hours: 524.1
review: Shiny Space Ninja's Murdering Humans. 10/10
game-hours: 1630.0
review: If you like shooting games Play this. If you like hack n slash games play this. If you like stealth games play this. If you like space games play this If you like ninja games play this. Now if you like all of those types of games WARFRAME IS YOUR GAME.
game-hours: 116.2
review: This game can be a pain when first starting off but gets greater and greater when some time has been put into it, like if u get put with some people with prime everything they take over and u dont get any kills to level up your weps but u still get xp for letting your friends get the kills. There are also many updates on warframe as well daily 7mb updates and each month a larger one, that can be very painful for people with slower internet speeds like I. when it comes to trading, too many people are willing to sell than buy from others witch can can be frustrating just to sell a single piece or to trade for it. but when u get up to the harder missions u can just find the part that your looking for on a hard planet. In conclusion if u have a spare couple of GB's u should download it for the gameplay.
game-hours: 7.5
review: This game is fun and I would call it exotic only because your thrashing on monsters from other planets. The game starts as you have been captured and have to escape from the enemy. Overall the game is amazing and is worth the "Free" price tag that they give it.
game-hours: 748.9
review: I usually enjoy writing long and in-depth reviews for games, specially for games I enjoy with a burning passion. I will now make an exception. PEW PEW PEW KABOOM YEAH. GET THIS ING GAME.
game-hours: 526.0
review: Really well done one of the best Free To Play Games I ever played! Becoming good loot (gear) is a bit hard at the start , but If you play with some friends ist totally fine. -Brako
game-hours: 1399.6
review: space ninja game
game-hours: 10.5
review: i love it!!!
game-hours: 2234.5
review: probably the best true free to play, when free to play has lost all its meaning, this game, you can truly obtain all items in game without purchasing or any micro transactions whatsoever. P.S. Having friends that play it and playing it together makes it much more fun. or join a clan.
game-hours: 2.6
review: @Turtle Man I will fight u irl bro! My computer crashes from this game! I see u at PAX u fegit
game-hours: 922.6
review: space ninjas what else is ther to say?
game-hours: 1993.5
review: one time i tried walking through a door and it shut down on my head and i fell through the floor and out of the map
game-hours: 178.9
review: you can be the mall ninja of your dreams
game-hours: 1597.0
review: i dont care what anyone says. do not read those negative reviews until you've had your fill of the game. this game is addictive, fun, and incredibly community based. hotfixes almost every week to fix every bug that anyone reports, so for the most part, the Devs are working on keeping it bug - free. FUTURISTIC SPACE NINJAS WITH MAGIC need i say more? but anyway. the game has a lot of grinding in it, but it can be worth it. it takes a whike to involve yourself in the community, but getting involved in game is easy - drop into a mission and make friends! it is F2P but [MOST] of the stuff in game can be bought if you dont want to grind. either way, you get stuff and itll be a fun time. its a fun game with a kick  community, amazing graphics, and awesome lore / story. and. anD aND AND ITS FREE. for all this stuff, for free? why would you ever say no?
game-hours: 1289.6
review: Cool game, you should really give it a try :D
game-hours: 67.3
review: Almost all the best things ever are in this game. Ninjas, Robots, Swords, Guns, Space, Ships, Spaceships, Planets, Markets, Pets, Sentrys and more
game-hours: 993.8
review: If you like to upgrade multiple stuff to rank/level up and get attention from other players, get hunted, pvp sometimes, mvp every second, are used to MMORPGs, buy shine things aaaand... if you dont care about needing to pay for game credits at some point, Warframe will be your favorite game.
game-hours: 402.0
review: One of the best free to plays ever. Its a third person intense co-op action shooter set... pretty far in the future haha. Amazing graphics tons of weapons and characters to play as (the warframes or characters to play as are very hard to obtain.) The only bad thing I can think about is how much the real money currency costs. Oh and its still in beta so they keep adding tons of new stuff!
game-hours: 652.8
review: Nice 3rd person shooter with interesting wall-running system, tonz of hardcore action and badass setting
game-hours: 797.3
review: I cut 2 legs off an enemy without legs. 10/10
game-hours: 1562.5
review: swag
game-hours: 807.5
review: Yes.
game-hours: 9.5
review: Awesome Game! Nice Graphic, New Featured Brings More Fun!
game-hours: 38.1
review: Movement and shooting feels smooth and responsive..I really like this game.
game-hours: 1088.8
review: I still love this game even its nearly 2 year. Probably the best F2P game i have played. compare to the game before updates, i really do like it much now. But this game will still getting bored after playing for few month. When that happen, just play some other games and come back later. just got through 1000hr, 2000hr is my next goal.
game-hours: 1510.1
review: Warframe. This is an peculiar little game. What is so strange or not usual about it is that it's focused a lot on gunplay and ability usage between players across more than 200+ mission map tiles. I will review this game by different mechanics/parts of the game with a rating system of 10 points and I will pull the average for the game. Oh, and before you read, FORGET THE SLOGAN. This game is NOT even Ninja-themed because the stealth elements and the overwhelming amount of brutal killing missions implies that the Tenno aren't even meant to be Ninjas, but instead, somewhat Samurai-based. Even the lore confirms that. MAP TILES: 3 out of 10 The map tiles in the game are really original, and interesting as well as have a bit of an exploration, however, when it comes to variation between planets, they're a massive letdown. What I mean is, they don't fit the planets they're on, they don't offer any diversity by planet and overall they feel somewhat strictly limited. EXAMPLE: Mercury is supposed to be this super-scorched planet right next to the Sun, however, the game doesn't offer any visuals on Mercury's surface or the size of the Sun when you are playing on Mercury. GUN VARIATION: 9 out of 10 Possibly one of the best things this game does right is the gun variation. You get dozens of different guns, normal versions and Prime variants and all of them are equally exciting. Some are very weak with base damage, but offer destructive critical damage, or are simply awesome in basic damage but lack in critical or status damage. It's shy of a 10 because some guns just fall short of their value entirely and are pretty much useless. MODDING: 10 out of 10 This part of the game is simply awesomely executed, and when I mean awesome is that NO OTHER GAME COMPARES to this mechanic. Modding features mod cards that offer different upgrades for your weapon, for your Warframe, for your Sentinel or your pet Kubrow (Space dog). Your builds are heavily dependent on which mod cards you apply for any piece of your equipment and if at least one card is wrong, the entire build will not work as planned. You can apply only 8 mod cards per piece of equipment, and there is a ''power limit'' of 30 units. The power used is determined by the value of the mod card. Power limit can be doubled by applying an Orokin Reactor (On Warframes, Sentinels and Kubrows, also known as a gold potato) or an Orokin Catalyst (Applied on weapons, also known as a blue potato). Warframes have aura slots which grant an additional passive boost (for example, energy regeneration or armor decrease for enemies) and offer additional power limit boost depending on the mod slot's polarity or the rank of your aura card. WARFRAME VARIATION: 10 out of 10 Not a single Warframe feels like a copy of another and that is something I've seen rarely in any other game. For example, you have the Volt who is an electricity-based Warframe and spits out electricity with high damage, or you have Mesa who is a gunslinger and focuses on gun-play and buffs damage and so on. This is a great feat that the developers achieved and that's why it deserves 10 points. CUSTOMIZATION: 5 out of 10 It's not too bad, but it isn't anything to be proud of either. Customization in this game so limited, and, as a matter of fact, ugly with issues, that it barely deserves 5 points. Its only saving grace is the few sets of plates and Syandanas (like discount capes) that make your Warframes appear quite good. The severe lack of any good or real decorations or greaves and gauntlets and stuff also makes me quite frustrated because I can't make damn near any Warframe look good with the given accessories. Personally, I want SPARTAN-IV-esque armor pieces perfectly crafted to fit any Warframe (Like armored greaves, chest sections, gauntlets, thigh armor and arm armor as well as shoulder pads) with greater variation and such, but my point stands, this isn't the best part of Warframe yet. Customization also falls short, because you can't customize your guns to feature scopes, underbarrel attachments, silencers or heavier barrels, flashlights (which just happen to pop out of nowhere in dark missions) or laser points. PARKOUR: 6 out of 10 Parkour in this game is just basic with vaulting, wallrunning and wallclimbing without any other really awesome feats of physical conditioning and training and such. What would perfectly suit Warframe would be something taken out of the latest Assassin's Creed games - the parkour mechanics that include different vaulting animations each time, as well as enhanced wall-climbing with the ability to grab on to a ledge and hold on to it, say, for stealth, or with the ability to scale high surfaces that would otherwise be unaccessible by typical wall-climbing as well as brand new map tiles to complement the enhanced wall-climbing mechanic and additional stealth features. MISSION VARIATION: 3 out of 10 Exterminate, Capture, Rescue, Spy, Deception, Defense, Mobile Defense, Survival, Sabotage, Hijack, Hive, Assassination, Excavation, Interception. What do they have in common with one another? Total unoriginality (Murderfest). Sure, Exterminate, Defense, Rescue, Hive and Sabotage are the ones that fit with the overall Murderfest theme, but not the others. The developers continuously say this game is based around Ninjas (Shinobi, for those Japanese speakers that don't fully understand English), but where is this Ninja-themed game that we've been hoping to play? I kind of don't see it at all. There must be a total rework of all game modes. STEALTH MECHANICS: 2 out of 10 For a Ninja-based game, stealth is severely lacking in this game. There are only two Warframes that can achieve absolute Ninja-level stealth in this game (Ash and Loki, coupled with bows, kunai and any melee). The game is out for three years, in development for far longer, and the most trademarked asset of this game is possibly the worst mechanic out of every one in the game. You cannot hide anywhere, there is a severe lack of weapons with silent fire, or better yet, ABSOLUTELY NO SILENCERS in the game, so you literally have to rely on a melee weapon or pick a weapon that you might not be good with, but want to play with your favorite one. QUESTS: 7 out of 10 Now, the quests in Warframe look cheap and they come out once a month, even though it would probably take precisely six days to finish one of these quests at most. That is not to say they are not entertaining as, in fact, they provide some replay value and an interesting change from the usually silent missions and offer a slight increase in overall dialogue and that's the quest saving grace, however, none of these quests really offer an explanation as to why and how you were born/made and so on and instead they act as fillers or something, even though the developers probably didn't want that. ARCHWING (Space sections): 5 out of 10 Archwings are a really annoying part of the game. They're like jetpacks with Korean MMO-style wings which quite doesn't seem right in an IP like this. It feels out of place on a massive level. Most of the players don't even like Archwing as a matter of fact, and consider it to be a massive shortcoming of Warframe. The most preferable replacement for the space sections would be starfighters with actual cannons, missiles and afterburners instead of this, but Archwings are better than nothing. THE FINAL RATING - 6 out of 10. Warframe is still a game that's under heavy development (lazy development at that), but it's a perfect filler game while you wait for some grander releases that might dwarf Warframe and its community once and for all. Warframe isn't bad, it isn't perfect, and it's a pretty much slightly-above-average as a game for me, but you can definitely play it.
game-hours: 50.2
review: space ninjas
game-hours: 1113.6
review: Save me.
game-hours: 663.0
review: There is a reason why this is my all time favourite Free2Play game. It is just badass. I think i never had that much fun with a F2P Game. The Game changed alot over the past 2 Years and i think there is no F2P developer that is similar to Digital Extremes. DE has a very friendly and cool staff, they do lots of Livestreams/Developer Streams, they answer question and actually listen to the community. The Economy of Warframe is really fair and you don't have to pay a single cent if you don't want to. You can also earn the real money currency called "Platin" by just trading with other players and selling them parts for Weapons for an example. This Platin is used to buy Skins, Colors, Gearslots and it can also be used to buy Weapons or Ressources but you really don't have to because you can get nearly everything by just playing the Game. There are a few exceptions but those exceptions can't be bought with Platin either. Those are things from Events or from the old Founders Packages. If you do decide to buy Platin then its worth to wait a bit because you get discounts from the login rewards from time to time and they go from 20% up to 75% meaning that you can basically buy a 180 Platinpack for only 45. You also get alot for your money, for an example: In the Platinpack for 180/45 you get about 4300 Platin. A Slot for a Weapon or a Warframe costs around 10-20 Platin. Skins or other visual things are at around 50-75 Platin. You might need some Platin if you decide to buy Reactors or Catalyst, which are used to enhance a Weapon or Warframe. Those can be used one time on a weapon and cost both 20 Platin, but there are lots of events and i think one special mission each week where you can get one. Depending on how motivated you are this amount of Platin could be enough for a looong time and you are also able to earn more by trading with players. Now a bit more to the Game itself: Warframe is a Coop Multiplayer Game that can be played alone or up to 4 other Players. You are basically a space ninja, called Tenno. You are able to use all kinds of Weapons either melee or ranged or even both combined. Machine Guns, Swords, Lasers, Revolvers, Rocket Launchers, Scythes, Axes there is nearly every Weapontype you can think of and new content keeps getting released. You are basically able to play the Game however you want, even though it might be a bit hard depending on your type of enemy. In the first few hours of the game you will grind yourself through different kind of Missions while following a Questline. The tutorials are pretty new and not really good at all, but at least have some kind of Tutorial now. Before that you had a little introduction and then it was basically "gl hf now go" Every now and then you unlock a Bossfight. Those bosses are a special kind of enemy and can be pretty hard, especially for newer players. They also have the possibility to drop Blueprints or Parts for new Weapons or Warframe. Every Weapon and Warframe etc that you can't just buy straight from the market, needs to be build in the Foundry. The Blueprints you need for that can be found on the Market, in Clan Dojos and their Researchingstations, in Bossfights or in the Void. I will talk about the Void later. To Build something you need to gather Ressources or other Parts for it first. Then it takes about 24h or 3x 12h + 1x 36h, for Warframes, to finish. While playing the Missions you will also find Mods for your Gear that is used to enhance it. After a while you might have gathered some decent Mods to upgrade your Gear. As soon as you are strong enough, you want to enter the Void or the Orokin Derelicts. Those are a special kind of Missions and they are basically the Endgame. The strongest Weapons and Warframes can be found in the Void while some of the most important Mods are found in the Orokin Derelicts. Those are Places with pretty tough enemies and maybe even deadly traps. Depending on the Mission you choose, you can get a wide variety of rewards. Besides your Weapons you also have to level up your Account itself. It's used to be able to use special kinds of Weapons that require a specific level before you can use them. To level your Account you have to level your Gear. Most people build and gather every piece of Equipment and level them up to their max level to push their own Accountlevel as high as its possible. Thats why most people try to collect every weapon as possible to level them up to their max. The main focus of the game might be the collecting of Gear and Mods to level up and make ones equipment as powerful as possible. If you don't mind spending lots of hours into farming Ressources or Equipment then i would totally recommend this Game to you, but even if you don't like farming stuff: Give it a few hours like 20 or so. Most people i know didn't really stopped to play after they got used to it. If you are still unsure: Look at the amount of positive reviews and the average playtime of those people.
game-hours: 179.8
review: Knockdown Simulator 2014
game-hours: 1510.1
review: Warframe. This is an peculiar little game. What is so strange or not usual about it is that it's focused a lot on gunplay and ability usage between players across more than 200+ mission map tiles. I will review this game by different mechanics/parts of the game with a rating system of 10 points and I will pull the average for the game. Oh, and before you read, FORGET THE SLOGAN. This game is NOT even Ninja-themed because the stealth elements and the overwhelming amount of brutal killing missions implies that the Tenno aren't even meant to be Ninjas, but instead, somewhat Samurai-based. Even the lore confirms that. MAP TILES: 3 out of 10 The map tiles in the game are really original, and interesting as well as have a bit of an exploration, however, when it comes to variation between planets, they're a massive letdown. What I mean is, they don't fit the planets they're on, they don't offer any diversity by planet and overall they feel somewhat strictly limited. EXAMPLE: Mercury is supposed to be this super-scorched planet right next to the Sun, however, the game doesn't offer any visuals on Mercury's surface or the size of the Sun when you are playing on Mercury. GUN VARIATION: 9 out of 10 Possibly one of the best things this game does right is the gun variation. You get dozens of different guns, normal versions and Prime variants and all of them are equally exciting. Some are very weak with base damage, but offer destructive critical damage, or are simply awesome in basic damage but lack in critical or status damage. It's shy of a 10 because some guns just fall short of their value entirely and are pretty much useless. MODDING: 10 out of 10 This part of the game is simply awesomely executed, and when I mean awesome is that NO OTHER GAME COMPARES to this mechanic. Modding features mod cards that offer different upgrades for your weapon, for your Warframe, for your Sentinel or your pet Kubrow (Space dog). Your builds are heavily dependent on which mod cards you apply for any piece of your equipment and if at least one card is wrong, the entire build will not work as planned. You can apply only 8 mod cards per piece of equipment, and there is a ''power limit'' of 30 units. The power used is determined by the value of the mod card. Power limit can be doubled by applying an Orokin Reactor (On Warframes, Sentinels and Kubrows, also known as a gold potato) or an Orokin Catalyst (Applied on weapons, also known as a blue potato). Warframes have aura slots which grant an additional passive boost (for example, energy regeneration or armor decrease for enemies) and offer additional power limit boost depending on the mod slot's polarity or the rank of your aura card. WARFRAME VARIATION: 10 out of 10 Not a single Warframe feels like a copy of another and that is something I've seen rarely in any other game. For example, you have the Volt who is an electricity-based Warframe and spits out electricity with high damage, or you have Mesa who is a gunslinger and focuses on gun-play and buffs damage and so on. This is a great feat that the developers achieved and that's why it deserves 10 points. CUSTOMIZATION: 5 out of 10 It's not too bad, but it isn't anything to be proud of either. Customization in this game so limited, and, as a matter of fact, ugly with issues, that it barely deserves 5 points. Its only saving grace is the few sets of plates and Syandanas (like discount capes) that make your Warframes appear quite good. The severe lack of any good or real decorations or greaves and gauntlets and stuff also makes me quite frustrated because I can't make damn near any Warframe look good with the given accessories. Personally, I want SPARTAN-IV-esque armor pieces perfectly crafted to fit any Warframe (Like armored greaves, chest sections, gauntlets, thigh armor and arm armor as well as shoulder pads) with greater variation and such, but my point stands, this isn't the best part of Warframe yet. Customization also falls short, because you can't customize your guns to feature scopes, underbarrel attachments, silencers or heavier barrels, flashlights (which just happen to pop out of nowhere in dark missions) or laser points. PARKOUR: 6 out of 10 Parkour in this game is just basic with vaulting, wallrunning and wallclimbing without any other really awesome feats of physical conditioning and training and such. What would perfectly suit Warframe would be something taken out of the latest Assassin's Creed games - the parkour mechanics that include different vaulting animations each time, as well as enhanced wall-climbing with the ability to grab on to a ledge and hold on to it, say, for stealth, or with the ability to scale high surfaces that would otherwise be unaccessible by typical wall-climbing as well as brand new map tiles to complement the enhanced wall-climbing mechanic and additional stealth features. MISSION VARIATION: 3 out of 10 Exterminate, Capture, Rescue, Spy, Deception, Defense, Mobile Defense, Survival, Sabotage, Hijack, Hive, Assassination, Excavation, Interception. What do they have in common with one another? Total unoriginality (Murderfest). Sure, Exterminate, Defense, Rescue, Hive and Sabotage are the ones that fit with the overall Murderfest theme, but not the others. The developers continuously say this game is based around Ninjas (Shinobi, for those Japanese speakers that don't fully understand English), but where is this Ninja-themed game that we've been hoping to play? I kind of don't see it at all. There must be a total rework of all game modes. STEALTH MECHANICS: 2 out of 10 For a Ninja-based game, stealth is severely lacking in this game. There are only two Warframes that can achieve absolute Ninja-level stealth in this game (Ash and Loki, coupled with bows, kunai and any melee). The game is out for three years, in development for far longer, and the most trademarked asset of this game is possibly the worst mechanic out of every one in the game. You cannot hide anywhere, there is a severe lack of weapons with silent fire, or better yet, ABSOLUTELY NO SILENCERS in the game, so you literally have to rely on a melee weapon or pick a weapon that you might not be good with, but want to play with your favorite one. QUESTS: 7 out of 10 Now, the quests in Warframe look cheap and they come out once a month, even though it would probably take precisely six days to finish one of these quests at most. That is not to say they are not entertaining as, in fact, they provide some replay value and an interesting change from the usually silent missions and offer a slight increase in overall dialogue and that's the quest saving grace, however, none of these quests really offer an explanation as to why and how you were born/made and so on and instead they act as fillers or something, even though the developers probably didn't want that. ARCHWING (Space sections): 5 out of 10 Archwings are a really annoying part of the game. They're like jetpacks with Korean MMO-style wings which quite doesn't seem right in an IP like this. It feels out of place on a massive level. Most of the players don't even like Archwing as a matter of fact, and consider it to be a massive shortcoming of Warframe. The most preferable replacement for the space sections would be starfighters with actual cannons, missiles and afterburners instead of this, but Archwings are better than nothing. THE FINAL RATING - 6 out of 10. Warframe is still a game that's under heavy development (lazy development at that), but it's a perfect filler game while you wait for some grander releases that might dwarf Warframe and its community once and for all. Warframe isn't bad, it isn't perfect, and it's a pretty much slightly-above-average as a game for me, but you can definitely play it.
game-hours: 50.2
review: space ninjas
game-hours: 2.3
review: colored my character like donnatello and remapped my melee to mouse1 then ran around acting like a ninja turtle. 100/100
game-hours: 474.7
review: This game is here to stay. I've played quite alot of it and I cant wait to see whats comming. I will just start with the negatives - to get them out of the way. The main problem for me is the server situation, the games are user hosted and that creates problem (however a new recent patch promises at least some optimisation, we will see). Another problem is the lack of rewards you get from pvping however pvp is yet problematic. Few bugs here and there, some will argue its a rollercoster, but I like what I see from the developers, taking care of the game + its issues the best they can and keep adding tons of new things. Having said that, Warframe is a game like no other out there. The artwork is really inspired and the combinations of warframes, mods, weapons, archwings, gamemodes will keep you intrested for a long time, having thousands of things to do and collect. Another HUGE advantage of this game is the free to play model it uses. You can practically buy/sell/make/trade almost anything, I love the fact that I can spend real money or dont pay a single dime and create what I want with relative ease. I hope Warframe keeps heading to the direction it is, and we see more and more stuff in the future!
game-hours: 153.0
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 113.7
review: F2P4coopTPS()
game-hours: 1070.8
review: Well, I like it. However, be prepared to grind :)
game-hours: 663.0
review: There is a reason why this is my all time favourite Free2Play game. It is just badass. I think i never had that much fun with a F2P Game. The Game changed alot over the past 2 Years and i think there is no F2P developer that is similar to Digital Extremes. DE has a very friendly and cool staff, they do lots of Livestreams/Developer Streams, they answer question and actually listen to the community. The Economy of Warframe is really fair and you don't have to pay a single cent if you don't want to. You can also earn the real money currency called "Platin" by just trading with other players and selling them parts for Weapons for an example. This Platin is used to buy Skins, Colors, Gearslots and it can also be used to buy Weapons or Ressources but you really don't have to because you can get nearly everything by just playing the Game. There are a few exceptions but those exceptions can't be bought with Platin either. Those are things from Events or from the old Founders Packages. If you do decide to buy Platin then its worth to wait a bit because you get discounts from the login rewards from time to time and they go from 20% up to 75% meaning that you can basically buy a 180 Platinpack for only 45. You also get alot for your money, for an example: In the Platinpack for 180/45 you get about 4300 Platin. A Slot for a Weapon or a Warframe costs around 10-20 Platin. Skins or other visual things are at around 50-75 Platin. You might need some Platin if you decide to buy Reactors or Catalyst, which are used to enhance a Weapon or Warframe. Those can be used one time on a weapon and cost both 20 Platin, but there are lots of events and i think one special mission each week where you can get one. Depending on how motivated you are this amount of Platin could be enough for a looong time and you are also able to earn more by trading with players. Now a bit more to the Game itself: Warframe is a Coop Multiplayer Game that can be played alone or up to 4 other Players. You are basically a space ninja, called Tenno. You are able to use all kinds of Weapons either melee or ranged or even both combined. Machine Guns, Swords, Lasers, Revolvers, Rocket Launchers, Scythes, Axes there is nearly every Weapontype you can think of and new content keeps getting released. You are basically able to play the Game however you want, even though it might be a bit hard depending on your type of enemy. In the first few hours of the game you will grind yourself through different kind of Missions while following a Questline. The tutorials are pretty new and not really good at all, but at least have some kind of Tutorial now. Before that you had a little introduction and then it was basically "gl hf now go" Every now and then you unlock a Bossfight. Those bosses are a special kind of enemy and can be pretty hard, especially for newer players. They also have the possibility to drop Blueprints or Parts for new Weapons or Warframe. Every Weapon and Warframe etc that you can't just buy straight from the market, needs to be build in the Foundry. The Blueprints you need for that can be found on the Market, in Clan Dojos and their Researchingstations, in Bossfights or in the Void. I will talk about the Void later. To Build something you need to gather Ressources or other Parts for it first. Then it takes about 24h or 3x 12h + 1x 36h, for Warframes, to finish. While playing the Missions you will also find Mods for your Gear that is used to enhance it. After a while you might have gathered some decent Mods to upgrade your Gear. As soon as you are strong enough, you want to enter the Void or the Orokin Derelicts. Those are a special kind of Missions and they are basically the Endgame. The strongest Weapons and Warframes can be found in the Void while some of the most important Mods are found in the Orokin Derelicts. Those are Places with pretty tough enemies and maybe even deadly traps. Depending on the Mission you choose, you can get a wide variety of rewards. Besides your Weapons you also have to level up your Account itself. It's used to be able to use special kinds of Weapons that require a specific level before you can use them. To level your Account you have to level your Gear. Most people build and gather every piece of Equipment and level them up to their max level to push their own Accountlevel as high as its possible. Thats why most people try to collect every weapon as possible to level them up to their max. The main focus of the game might be the collecting of Gear and Mods to level up and make ones equipment as powerful as possible. If you don't mind spending lots of hours into farming Ressources or Equipment then i would totally recommend this Game to you, but even if you don't like farming stuff: Give it a few hours like 20 or so. Most people i know didn't really stopped to play after they got used to it. If you are still unsure: Look at the amount of positive reviews and the average playtime of those people.
game-hours: 993.8
review: If you like to upgrade multiple stuff to rank/level up and get attention from other players, get hunted, pvp sometimes, mvp every second, are used to MMORPGs, buy shine things aaaand... if you dont care about needing to pay for game credits at some point, Warframe will be your favorite game.
game-hours: 1113.6
review: Save me.
game-hours: 1706.7
review: Down right the BEST free to play game ever (:
game-hours: 308.6
review: Ancient Tenno Gangbang
game-hours: 10.6
review: When you play this game, you will realize that Destiny is very similar to Warframe.
game-hours: 28.0
review: best slide simulator i've ever played
game-hours: 229.9
review: Every enemy has a d1ck texture 11/10 would fap agian
game-hours: 541.5
review: Warframe Is one of the few games out there that Really impressed me. With it's many places to go and many "Warframes" to play as it definently has Diversity with the amount of characters it has along with all the guns and other things you can have. The amount of things you will figure out in this game will amaze but you must Realize that this is basically like Borderlands or any other tough single player game. I Would suggest having a few friends to play with because alone this game is nearly impossible with the massive amount of enemies it sends at you. It could use a little difficulty tweaking but all in all makes up for it by being one of the few games that lets you use Parkour as most people call it otherwise known as being able to run on walls and other things like that. All In All an Amazing Diverse game that makes up for little story by having amazing gameplay mechanics.
game-hours: 1295.8
review: I've played only little. But what I saw, was fun.
game-hours: 77.6
review: "Jeenyus gam Dezine" -Gabe N. "Many Good. Such Free." -Doge "No such thing as unfair gameplay when it's all co-op. Unless you're one of the whiny es who complain about people being too good on your team. If that's you then go  yourself." -Me "ENGLISH MOTHER ER DO YOU SPEAK IT!?" -Samuel BAMF L. Jackson
game-hours: 104.9
review: Grindy to hell and back but fun if you can get past that check dem booty too
game-hours: 336.3
review: Warframe is a very fun game with space guns, space ninjas and space bad guys. Oh, and space-badassery. Once you start playing it's hard to quit, Having login rewards really keeps you going, The one drawback is when you're just starting. YOur weapons dont do much damage anymore, even though they're maxed damage. But you can use all your hard work to buy blueprints of weapons and build them. The Boltor is very good to start with too. This game is very fun with friends and a group of 4 people, with a wide range of game modes and modifications for your 'warframe' and weapons. There's even lot's of secrets and lot's of hidden lore. I hope people enjoy the game like i have.
game-hours: 910.8
review: This is any extremely addictive game at first it'll be hard but once you get the hang of it it becomes a breeze and it becomes fun when a challenge is involved... Need any help with this game? i can help you both in-game and out of the game but i prefer you play by yourself for a good amount of missions that way you build up your courage and skills
game-hours: 143.1
review: I must say the game is excellent in almost every way if u enjoy sci-fi action but if u have time to waste as well it wuld be the perfect game for u, i may not have played as long as most but i've realised that this game is just a repetitive masterpiece. U spend hours trying to new equipment only to find that there is even stronger ones coming out later, which of cause u will and want and spend more hours farming to get it, so if u got nothing to do anymore and enjoy sci-fi action i would recommend because i have to admit this is a good game
game-hours: 878.3
review: Grind to wait, then wait to grind. That's all you do. Apart from that it's a great game and it has the best dev team of all time, but they seriously need to cut down on the grinding, it's insane.
game-hours: 4.6
review: An amazing game too good to be Free to Play, this game is too exciting, in a nutshell is more like: Aliens - Ninjas, sounds weird, but it is a great action game and a great shooter, if you want a unique experience of this kind of games, you have to have it. 10 / 10
game-hours: 50.7
review: This game is phenominal. If you are looking for an intense Online Sci-fi Third Person Shooter, you've found it right here! Assume the role of a Tenno Warframe, busting out some ninja parkour moves to get around with a very smooth movement system, craft your own weapons, kill enemies, find mods, use mods to upgrade your weapons, and much much more. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone looking for an amazing online co-op shooter!
game-hours: 611.7
review: at first i thought that this game would require me to use real money to make it worthwhile...but the more ive played,the more i realise that we dont need to spend any money at all to have fun in this game.i recommend this to everyne who wants to have fun without spending any money:)
game-hours: 143.5
review: fun game, lots of stuff to do, but, if you cant handle grinding or working for any ammount of time on things THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU. If you do however join in the fun!
game-hours: 682.4
review: I once wrote a long a$$ review for this. but i don't think that's necessary.. +Addicting power play +Atmosphere is STUNNING. +INTENSE gameplay. + (-) Gameplay can be repetitive but constant new weapons and characters can change that. (-) Instable servers but that might be a temporary issue. - Not much cosmetical customisation if F2P - quite a lot of bugs - not many types of enemies
game-hours: 797.6
review: As a free to play game, you cannot really complain about anything from the get go. It is a high action run-n-gun Third Person Shooter, incorporating parkour maveuverability and a variety of skills in order to dispose of the mass of enemies that come between you and your objective. There are also a variety of game types, enemies, maps, weapons, abilities/mods, warframe suits and bosses and each of the maps, though they use similar textures and areas, are randomly generated per game. The missions are seemingly endless with other 200+ missions across a dozen or more planets. Although, like every game, there is a few cons that go against its pros. For example, it can get repetitive - especially replaying certain missions in order to get certain drops from that missions, or having to level up your warframe or weapons in order to be able to advance to more difficult and challenging maps - though that is not as bad as it sounds as there are plenty of weapons, warframes and abilities in order to build and switch up your character to change the way you play reduce the boredom of repition. And that it has an item mall where you can buy things without having to struggle or earn them, or that F2P players will be at a disadvantage of inventory space which is key to keeping your favourite and more powerful equipment whilst you're using equipment that you wish to level up. My overall view of this game is that it a fun and expansive free to play game with endless amount of achievements to gain, such as defeating ever boss, conqeuring every planet, completing every mission and collecting and leveling every piece of equipment. There's also a great clan system that's rather complicated, I will admit, but it's set up in a sort of 'rank' fashion - and clans can also level up over time in order to build up your clan dojo to gain more powerful weapons that you cannot find elsewhere, as well as the dojo being fully modifiable and being created to your own tastes and liking (granted you have farmed enough credits and resources to do so.) My score for this game is 8/10 - it's graphically beautiful, it has great sound effects, a nice fluent gameplay and fighting system that allows you to use the map to your advantage, expansive armoury and a limitless amount of build variations and to top it all off.... IT'S FREE, so if you do not like it you are not losing out.
game-hours: 4.6
review: An amazing game too good to be Free to Play, this game is too exciting, in a nutshell is more like: Aliens - Ninjas, sounds weird, but it is a great action game and a great shooter, if you want a unique experience of this kind of games, you have to have it. 10 / 10
game-hours: 1295.8
review: I've played only little. But what I saw, was fun.
game-hours: 245.2
review: Warfarm. *giggle*
game-hours: 35.6
review: I am new in steam. My friend told me to download this game. Do you know about Love at first site? That happened with me when i played this game for the first time. It is unbelievably Awesome! Anything that stand infront of awesome that is Warframe. I love this game.
game-hours: 51.8
review: ING LEVELING UP IS STUPID  DICK  PISS, "KILL EM WITH YOUR RIFLE, *under breath and inaudible* ...but dont walk out to far..." WHOOPS NOW YOU FAILED CAUSE YOU WALKED OUT PAST OUR INVISIBLE NO PASS LINE OF BAD BOY YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED, BECAUSE IT OBVIOUSLY HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH TRAINING YOUR RIFLE TO LEVEL UP YOUR WARFRAME.  PISS . Fun game though 8/10 gonna keep playing.
game-hours: 942.0
review: Probably one of the best Co-Op experiences you may have with your friends by beating missions, bosses and kick aliens asses. This game is based on Dark Sector though in a far far future. New Damage 2.0 damage, new warframes (characters), new weapons and missions makes this game much more entertaining with each update. It is still on Beta but Digital Extremes keep making a lot of success with it. So far, personally, I love it.
game-hours: 1839.3
review: A Science Fiction, fast paced, SPACE NINJA third person shoot. This is by far one of my favorite games only second to Skyrim. Warframe is a co-op based shooter with very little pvp. Warframe makes up for this by making combact unreal. For example, sliding and WALL RUNNING. Now combine these acrobatics with sword slashing , knife throwing, and a little bit of martial arts. There is no way you can resist Warframe. Keep your blade sharp, and may you see many victories, Tenno.
game-hours: 247.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 896.1
review: Warframe is the type of game that you can keep coming back to. In the beginning, its grindy but its almost like a good kind of grindy. After playing for about 400 hours I started to get bored, so I took a break from the game for a couple of months. When I came back, so much had been added and improved, it was like a whole new game. Digital Extremes is an excelent developer and is known for listening to its customers feedback. With the upcoming X1 release, I imagine sinking even more time into this amazingly fun and beautiful looking game.
game-hours: 8.0
review: In Warframe, up to 4 players work together to complete missions, such as eliminating enemies or retrieving data from terminals. Players wear a battlesuit called a Warframe, each with its own set of abilites and statistics; and are equipped with 3 weaponsa primary weapon (such as a rifle or shotgun), a secondary weapon (usually a pistol), and a melee weapon (like a longsword). Players earn Affinity (experience points) for killing enemies and completing challenges and missions, which allows them to level up their weapons and armor. Warframes and weaponry have access to modifications, or "mods", that can be installed, removed and upgraded between missions; the higher the Affinity rank of any one piece of equipment, the more mods it can accommodate. The camera is positioned over the shoulder for third-person shooting. The player can jump, sprint, slide, and roll, as well as combine techniques to quickly move throughout the level and avoid enemy fire. The game also allows players to utilize parkour techniques to evade enemies, bypass obstacles or gain access to secret areas. Maps are generated procedurally; with prebuilt rooms connected together so that no levels have the same layout. At times, the enemy faction can initiate a lockdown of the area, forcing players to hack security terminals by completing a puzzle minigame within a small time limit. Credits, ammo, resources, and mods can be found in set locations, such as lockers and destructible containers, as well as dropped by enemies. New weapons, Warframes, and equipment can be purchased in the market (either the items themselves or their blueprints), using either Credits earned in-game, or Platinum purchased via microtransaction.[3] Blueprints can be constructed using resources found during gameplay.
game-hours: 466.7
review: Brilliant game. From the first minute you launch the game you get straight into the in depth tutorial on how to control/use your warframe. It's fantastic. The buttons used to do certain things with your warframe just seem so... relevant. In particular, I like the fact that there are multiple planets (ones we know, and ones we have never heard of because the seek extistance) and on each planet, the difficulty basically goes up. For example, you start on Mercury which is the easiest and work your way up to.. Earth. Then there are the small implementations. Trading system where you can trade mods for weaponry and also platinum which you can use to purcahse weaponry. I would recommend this to all my friends if I could be bothered. For sure pick it up, of course seeing it's free!
game-hours: 281.8
review: Love it adictive! Feel the ninja within! and enjoy all the looting you can ask for!!!!
game-hours: 8.6
review: this is a really good multiplayer game
game-hours: 1042.3
review: A fast paced shooter. Lots of maps, weapons, Warframes (the armor/body you use) and endless amounts of customization for all of them. High quality graphics, smart A.I. and a excellent cover system with tight target boxes (you must aim AT the target to hit it not just NEAR it). Parkour around the environment, bounce off the walls dodging bullets to your hearts content, or charge the enemy with guns blazing; however the wall climbing is hard and DOES require a lot of practice. Build everything by finding the blueprints and supplies or spend money and buy them, plus get rewards for improving skills and meeting goals. Add Mods to your character and equipment to improve their abilities, increasing damage, shields, speed and lots more. Want to light the bad-guys on fire (?) or freeze them solid (?) YOU CAN. Play Warframe once and you won't regret it. REMEMBER, IT'S FREE TO PLAY!!
game-hours: 1058.3
review: Warframe, almost 800 playing. My first game since i used steam. Played since the first version of the game. Iv seeing it evolve to became a better and better game. All i can say is that this game is really fun to play, either solo or with friends (always better with frineds of course). Maybe people can get bored if they play alot, but tis is one of this games that u will want to play later on. On my case i never get bored and collecting all weapons and warframes on the games is like a challenge to me that i have to complete. They keep adding new stuff, and biger and better everytime. I see a good future for this game. So i recommend this for the people that like this kind of FPS game. And you can wallrun!!!
game-hours: 553.2
review: Truly one of a kinda game. Really fun to play, especially with friends. Love the futuristic design that it's going for and the way they made the leveling system.
game-hours: 531.1
review: I have found this game to be very well made...especially for a beta game. Graphics are great too!!......When this game first came out it seemed repetative and the more and more updates come out it gets less and less repetative. Downside to this game are its costs to buy platinum (real world currency to in game currency).
game-hours: 536.2
review: It so addicting, kill kill kill!
game-hours: 365.3
review: I became a ninja
game-hours: 2879.0
review: This is the most fun i've had in a game, ever. I've logged over 1k hours so far and I am still not bored, for some reason, it just keeps me coming back. Yes, it is a grind, be prepared. No, it is not Pay2Win, infact it is probably the least pay2win game i've played aside from Path of Exile. Its fast paced space-ninja action, great gameplay, fun melee combos, epic weapons, and wonderful spells. The Phys-X in game is wonderful. I can't recomment this game enough.
game-hours: 80.8
review: Game said I can get a dog. Still doin' the same mission over and over again to get the forking egg ;w; and my "ship KI" is making me mad with saying "these eggs are rare" .... Q_Q A lot of different weapons + nice atmosphere + Enough randoms to play with + farming for ages >.< +-
game-hours: 1691.0
review: very good game to play with friends and you dont have really to pay for warframes and weapons since you can craft them
game-hours: 178.3
review: Amazing game plus it is free making it even better! I highly recommend this game as it is fast paced and be played co-op or competitive. Enjoy c:
game-hours: 49.2
review: This game is what it's worth. And guess what? It's free. 10/10 WOULD BUY FREE GAMES WITH UGLY-NINJAS AGAIN.
game-hours: 25.3
review: It's a succubus in video game form. Did I spell that right?
game-hours: 1266.8
review: Best game I have ever played. So much fun with friends and it is truly free to play. Just cosmetic items in the store. Everything else you can earn in game. Also you can sell items you find for platinum. Any FPS fan should love this game. PLEASE JUST TRY IT!
game-hours: 154.8
review: boyfriend likes game therefore i am bugged to play game with boyfriend i now like game
game-hours: 90.9
review: nt4p.. sayang di bumi gaada Jablay nya
game-hours: 9.7
review: robot. ninjas.
game-hours: 268.4
review: ing. badass.
game-hours: 1307.9
review: basically rips off mass effect 3 multiplayer. everything is a grindwall. Lack of end game content Lack of competent devs, the coding is so sleek you'd think it was a From Software game. Lack of challenge, game is piss easy once you get a decent weapon. Lack of diverse game modes, pretty much just kill everything or, defend Lack of actual ninjas save one trandgender edgy teenager bait. Why the hell does a beta have a functioning cash shop and premium system? 6/10 would sleek again.
game-hours: 4.9
review: They banned the clan leader of the #1 clan and pretended it was a good idea
game-hours: 343.4
review: I wanted to like this, but couldn't. The biggest thing that jumps out at you is that this isn't a game that has grind, it's a game that was built around grind as a primary design mechanic, and overall purpose in the game. I don't mean Diablo or Borderlands type grind, but incredibly dull, mindless, painful grind, where often the best option, is very low level missions you can just tear apart with ease, or to just leech away in public games. While it has a number of nice concepts, it unfortunately fails to execute them very well. Worst among those being the painfully grind centric, and RNG related progression mechanic, rather limited variety of loot that feels more like resource gathering, than loot collecting, and the overall poor game balance. Although this is shaping up to be one of those infinite beta type games (with a functioning cash shop), as there's always various aspects marked as coming soon, currently being redesigned, or reredesigned. With some of the changes forcing you to wonder if much thought went into them at all, while others are seemingly focused on just looking cool, rather than if it would be an enjoyable game mechanic. The "Space Ninjas" thing is a marketing gimmick, as stealth in the game is not a good option, and only semi-functional in one of the mission types. Although if you play with others they always just charge in with guns blazing like space marines. Mob AI is inept, they like to run in circles, then often take cover while standing behind explosive barrels, things that only cover their lower half, or just right out in the open. The parkour only sort of works, some of the time, the rest of the time it either doesn't trigger, or slingshots you off at mach 10. Warframe certainly has it's fair share of bugs in general. I have all too often had to abort a mission, giving up all my item rewards, because the door to the next area wouldn't open, the last mob was stuck underground, the next sequence didn't trigger, or so on. It might shape up to be a really good game at some point along the line, should it ever get out of beta, and they really sit down to figure out how to get everything to work together effectively. Although, as it is right now, I couldn't recommend this to anyone.
game-hours: 1101.8
review: It's ok I guess.
game-hours: 97.4
review: Warframe is a really beautiful game with interesting gameplay, but after time gets very repetitive. Lots of grinding for the items/gear/frames you want, but can be truly rewarding. I love this game, but I wish there was more incentive to complete worlds. I also wish there was a larger variety in mission type, because its basically either assassinate a special dude, kill all the enemies, or defend a cryopod. Variety would make this game 10/10. At this point I would still give it a 8/10. Again, its ing GORGEOUS on highest graphic settings. Would fap to.
game-hours: 81.6
review: is free but fun:)
game-hours: 1907.1
review: Absolutely fantastic 3rd person shooter.. allowing you to build n mod your characters & weapons to your suit style! Of course this takes time, but that's half the fun! great graphics, awesome teamplay and just plain addictive fun!
game-hours: 10.8
review: you could slice people up 10/10
game-hours: 543.3
review: I love the game and it is very fun to play. Good job.
game-hours: 320.9
review: Warframe is awesome and fun. Classes are very cool and their abilities are very nice. If you like parkouring across the map, and killing enemies while in the air, Warframe is your game.
game-hours: 944.5
review: Definitely worth checking! Large variety of weapons and equipment...... I do no regret all the time put in this game.
game-hours: 150.7
review: Ran in to a green laser wall and was brutaly shot to death 11/10
game-hours: 1068.8
review: There are many free-to-play games out there that use their "free" status to constitute shoving a reason to spend money in the player's face. When they don't do that they usually have very little actual gameplay that makes you feel like your progressing anywhere. These are the games that are often labeled as "pay to win" for the need to pay money to progress anywhere. Warframe is the rare example of a free-to-play game done perfectly right. Except for one minor detail, but I'll get to that. Paying money in Warframe gives you the in-game currency platinum, which can buy a multitude of different weapons, warframes (basically armors/classes of this game), and other components used in the game. While these things can all be bought though, they are all achievable through regular gameplay as well. In fact there are many items, especially weapons, that can only be aquired as you progress through the game. All it requires is a little patience, and if you have a group of friends you will probably be flying through the game building awesome new weapons and warframes like no tomarrow. The only thing that could hold a completely new player back is the learning how the game works. The game doesn't have a very well built system intoduction yet (I say yet because the game is still in beta and is constantly getting new content and updates). The game never pushes you to pay anything either, in fact the advertising for the platinum system is almost entirely kept tucked away inside of the in-game shop, which you only ever open if you want to buy something (the shop contains both items that you pay platinum for, or blueprints for those items which are bought using credits earned by playing). The only time this rule is ever broken is when your trying to customize your character or get too many weapons/warframes. The customization of your character's look in the game is relatively small, but it is made even smaller by the fact that only 1 out of the 9 color pallets as well as many of the cosmetic items and skins are locked behind platinum payments. This is a relatively small complaint however, as cosmetics play no role in the gameplay. The bigger concern is the fact that you have a limit of how many warframes and weapons you can store. You can buy more slots with platinum, but if you don't want to spend money then you'll have to give up a weapon when a new one is finished building. So far I've been talking about the payment plan of the game. So you might be wondering: 'What is the gameplay and story like?' Well here is the answer, the gameplay is amazing. On the outside it looks basically like any other 3rd person shooter (although the graphics are exceptionally good), this game is far more complex than it looks though, and has far more to give you in terms of action than a simple shooting experience. Before I go into the little details though let me explain some of the backround story. You are a Tenno, basically a space ninja, and you must fight a multitude of enemy factions fighting for control of the solar system along-side your fellow Tenno in order to mantain balance. That's the back-story and as for regular stoeyline within the game, their is very little. In fact the game's storyline reminds me of Dark Souls in the way the storyline was made to be purposfully miniscule in order to get the player to fill in the gaps themselves and create their own personal story. The real question after learning the story though is: if your a ninja wouldn't this have far more gameplay to it than just a simple shooter experiance? The answer is yes, and this game provides that in the form of parkor, melee weapons, and best of all, ninja super powers. The parkor can be a lot of fun, the melee is a bit lacking (as of the time of this writing an update will soon be coming out that will be improving melee usage), and the super-powers are amazing. These powers are unique to each warframe you use (each one has four powers) and can range from something as simple and destuctive as throwing fireballs at enemies (used by a warframe called Ember) to something team based and useful like Healing the health of your allies (Trinity/Oberon). While the powers of each warframe could decide your play style, they don't have to. Every warframe and weapon is highly customizable with different upgrades called "Artifact Modules", more commonly called "Mods". These are gained from fallen enemies or the completion of mission objective and adds a huge amount of depth to the game. There are nearly 300 different mods in the game, and more get created all the time. There is a limit to modifications you can put on your weapons and warframes though, so choices must be made. The level up system is rather interesting and goes in a sort of imaginary pyramid. On the top is the player level. This unlockes the use of certain weapons and warframes. In order to gain XP for yourself you must level up your weapons and warframes, which go up to level 30. The higher level the item, the more mods you can apply to it and the mods themselves can be leveled up by fusing mods together, maximizing at different points depending on the mod. The one problem I have with this entire game is map design. The maps (especially during the first few planets) are boring and repetative to look at. While the later maps get more interesting the first few hours can look really bland. This could be a major problem if the game was fully released, but it is, as I said before, still in beta, and this is a problem that has been adressed and is being worked on as I right this. The fact that it is in beta and is still being upgraded and added to is why I look forward to the future of this game so much. It's in open beta, and the developers are always taking advice from the players themselves. Everything from weapons, warframes, and even story ideas are taken from the players and used to help create more for the game. In this way the players and developers are working together to make this game the best that it can be. While this game still could get better or worse, I can only see it getting better with the kind of devotion and teamwork shown by both the players and the creators of the game. So in the end, after my current 200 hours of playtime in this game, do I recommend it? YES. I do.
game-hours: 326.7
review: Grindfest w/ friends. 10/0 would not bang.
game-hours: 39.3
review: Really, Really, Really fun game to play. Just make sure you have people to play with..
game-hours: 999.8
review: Sliding Simulator 2013
game-hours: 1484.5
review: Not Bad (x2)
game-hours: 164.1
review: i faped this dis....
game-hours: 44.4
review: similar to dead space type. Much awesome Such graphics So addicted  wow
game-hours: 0.2
review: I cant open it..i try to start the game but then they say:" Warframe cant be run on this version of Windows; Windows XP Service Pack or later is required ." ..A friend of mine use Windows 7 and it works on his pc but not on mine..
game-hours: 714.6
review: What happens when you combine the Parkour from Mirrors Edge, with Bullet Physics, Moba-like Power-ups and Melee? An unplayable pulp... And yes, thats what Warframe was for a while Unplayable, confusing, straight up bad... But this game has seen in its one and a half year of existence, more attention than any other game I have ever played, and it was attention from the Devs, and Players alike. Its step by step evolution from unplayable to epic was a long journey, one that I was a part of. Warframe is now closer to the final draft than ever before, and in my opinion is one of the few fun and original shooters out there The current mechanics offer a great spice up to the genre and the co-op focused nature of the game makes it feel like an epic RPG rather than a generic VS shooter The amazing character designs and settings, the concept and the lore of the game are delivered in an amazing way. They make this game pleasant without much unnecessary dialogue and cutscenes, and the ran-gen nature of the map and enemies, is a powerful tool, than ensures differentiation in weapons and tactics, even if you are to play the same level again, you will never find the same enemies at the same place, using the same gun Dont let the Free to play scare you away! Warframe is a no-Paywall game You can craft everything in there through normal gameplay, get the materials and build all the things! Or you can buy them with platinum to support the game! (You need Platinum to buy weapons slots and cosmetics) Yes, Warframe is not a perfect game, and its not a finished game It can be really frustrating at times and it lacks many things. But its finally on the right path. Seeing a game get from unplayable to amazing doesnt happen often. But what I always saw, is that Warframe has this, sort of retrieving quality Maybe its the community, maybe its the huge flow of quality content, maybe its just the stunning way this game looks, maybe its the sheer fun this game exhales, maybe it's the people that I met in the game, the tenno in my clan, or maybe its just me I could never stop playing this game Its only clear that we have a gem in our hands, and that it gets brighter every day Warframe, you won! Tenno on guys! ^^
game-hours: 274.5
review: 10/10 would Pupuyay again.
game-hours: 370.7
review: Great Gun/Blade FPS game.. once you get used to it... you will be hooked.
game-hours: 170.3
review: gameplay: pretty good but a little poopy. DE sometimes changes the poopy things but not very fast. still enjoyable progression: very snappy compared to most MMOs, you can get new things very easily. maxing stuff out in every possible way takes a long time but that's good because you need something to do if you do everything else graphics: very nice, pretty effects, etc. story: you are a space ninja robot man so 10/10 dumb : crafting important things like new warframes (characters) takes days IRL, but you can still do other stuff in the mean time and you don't need to be logged in or anything. End game content is pretty poopy. Some tilesets get used a bit too much (but they add new ones sometimes, and they're still much better than going through the exact same dungeon constantly) Sometimes the game bugs out but fortunately it won't ruin your session very often and if it does you can just kill yourself and let your team finish the mission for you.
game-hours: 1621.8
review: This has become my favorite "Free-to-Play" game. I enjoy this game so much that space ninjas made me spend a buttload of money on it...
game-hours: 549.7
review: Good game))
game-hours: 1894.1
review: I totally recommend this game :D
game-hours: 120.4
review: -____________________________________-
game-hours: 5139.3
review: Amazing ninja action , coupled with awesome community , especially if you decided to join an amazing clan / start your own clan, because this game is a hell lot more fun if you play with clan members instead of PUGs. Again, community is the best experience out of this game,I have met a lot of amazing players and leading a clan is one of the most epic thing I have ever done in this game. Highly recommended if you're into ninja, parkour, skill level up, grinding / farming stuff to buff your character.
game-hours: 38.5
review: Robot ninjas with swords and guns, with powers. Whats not to like?
game-hours: 34.4
review: I was expecting a game that was a pure "pay to win" game but latter found out that you can craft most items that are in the game. It also took me by suprise that you can choose how you wanted to play the game. Weather is was to run and gun or to be persice and stealthy, or like me and start out stealthy but once im cought go for the run and gun tactic.
game-hours: 467.2
review: muin ninjas in space
game-hours: 16.9
review: This game is amazing and has alot of key elements which will want you coming back for more. Although confusing at first, if you have a friend who knows the game and can help you learn about it, this game is a fantastic Game for all who enjoy hash n' slash shooters.
game-hours: 40.9
review: I really wish there was a inbetween instead of just yes or no for recommendations. This game is pretty fun but it's gated fun. Like the game forces new players to grind an amount so large I simply cannot believe anyone can put up with said grind without the game strong arming them into throwing some dollars at it. It would be so much fun if it was more accessible.
game-hours: 139.9
review: Great game for friends to play together. it's a bit of a grind to collect enough materials to build new weapons and warframes but it's well worth the effort once you build them. Overall all a great game to play.
game-hours: 11.4
review: BEST GAME EVER PLAYED BY HUMANS lol
game-hours: 301.1
review: Awesome game though me glitches tho
game-hours: 797.5
review: Smooth shooter/action experience. It's a good game for everyone who fond of farming. And actually, there is more farming than in Farming Simulator.
game-hours: 114.6
review: It's ok. 1/10, Amazing-IGN
game-hours: 3649.7
review: Ninjas play free and you too.
game-hours: 658.3
review: This game is really a farm fest, but a damn fun one. Something about this Warframe keeps you coming back for more. Highly recommend as it is "free to play" in the same sense League of Legends is.
game-hours: 135.8
review: Its a great game for what it is worth... the idea of space ninjas seemed idiotic at the time.... until I started playing..... it is worth the time to play..... Parkour, guns, rocket launchers.... who wouldn't love that.
game-hours: 326.2
review: I enjoy playing this game.
game-hours: 1175.2
review: This game is definately a good reccomend for anyone who has the time and the paitience (or money) to progress in it. This game is being constantly updated with new content every week, some small, some game changing, but always progressing, chances are if you played this game earlier in its beta that it is a completely new beast from whatever you lasted tasted - everything has been up for change: the damage system, the melee system, the upgrade system, the UI, the hud, the parkour, individual warframe abilites have all been successful candidates for overhaul and have improved the game. The only major gripe is that the level of content and lack of support can currently make things daunting for newer players to learn. But again, this is something the devs are currently working on to improve. The only issue with how well you'll do will depend on how quickly you join and the sooner the better. It's a beta, you'll run into glitches and hitches, it's just how it works, you'd be hard pressed to find even fully released titles that don't have bugs, but it'd be harder to find a dev team more dedicated to pushing this game forward than the team behind Warframe. This game is going places and you should definately consider joining the ride now while you have the chance to get the upper hand as soon as possible. To top it all off, it's a game about space ninjas with superpowers, honestly I don't see what else you want.
game-hours: 456.9
review: Great developers who listen to the community and are not afraid to give us goodies. VERY fun combat and huge variety of weapons and frames, I enjoy every minute in Warframe.
game-hours: 528.9
review: Looks Good, Runs well on my machine, and is co-op. #Freetoplay, #Installthis, #Playwithfriends ////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// This was my Review when I had pumped almost 6 hours into this game, blinded by the depth of the crafting table, resource gathering and exploring the solar system. 240 hours in I can say this game is nothing but a glorified farming simulator, you spend hours grinding for gear you think you need, 15 min for one little resource that you need out of 5 to build your little potato so you can make your warframe more powerfull, oh big whoop! but imagine grinding 15 min for reasources 5x for each of your weapons? and I have about 8 weapons, 6 warframes and a  tonne of blue prints. Okay so you level up and grind untill you have such an over powerd warframe that you can take on the later levels with ease, but guess what? now you have access to the void on wow! this game is soo indepth I never saw this coming new levels and everything. The enemies get a new skin, do more damage and its all pretty much the same but in these levels staying alive 20 minutes or more only gets you the good resources, so you gotta keep grinding. Just keep swimming for the ultimate goal right? what goal? you allready have all you want, oh but what about that one warframe that you dont have Vulban, who can only be unlocked by spending all your waking hours on the game to catch the 3 alert missions you need to grab all his parts, they come and go randomly in the game and sometimes only last an hour, without all 3 parts you cant build  and are left with no way of gaining the others untill you find and play the next super rare alert mission. It took me 240 hours before I could build Vulban, I played with him for 4 hours, yea hes pretty ing sweet. but not worth it in my opinion. Now there is nothign more I wish to do. Nohting more I wish to see. I have finaly escaped the grind for resources and see little else in this game. 7/10
game-hours: 35.9
review: I've been playing this game since beta about half a year ago and i cant begin to explain how aweosme this game is! Its a challenge and a ton of fun. you have to choice to do so much. Creating and customizing your warframe has to be the best part just waiting for it to be done is suspenseful. The game says you can be a ninja but in in my view your a god with awesome abliilties depeding on your warframe. Each warframe has different abilities it on depends on which one you pick or any warframe bluepring you pick up. This game has changed a ton honestly so much to do you can upgrade your warframe to be more BADASS and your weapons too. You can even have this little sential that will follow you around kill, heal or hack for you. There really isnt much of story line that i can remember but its a ton of fun! Its an online game you can switch the settings so you play with others or just rock out by yourself. No one can kill you but its a ton of fun at times to play with others whp actually know what their doing. This game is worth it all at the end short download and alot of detail and action! DOWNLOAD IT NOW you wont regret a thing once you try it and get use to it.
game-hours: 19.0
review: "Perfect World Entertainment buys Digital Extremes, the developer of Warframe." PERFECT WORLD ENTERTAINMENT. Please do not kill Warframe. Warframe is an amazing game just the way it is. Do not change it. Do not do anything to it. Let Digital Extremes stay in charge. Do not do to Warframe what you've done to countless other games. Please PWE, I beg of you. Let Warframe live.
game-hours: 290.5
review: not to reviewing just to says that steam suck balls that it
game-hours: 1310.7
review: Epic Game! Love the Co-op Capanilities and customization options! The fact that you can create your own type of play style is epic!
game-hours: 271.9
review: An AWESOME F2P game, there were so many bugs when I started playing this, but developers working on this game so hard. It's not Pay 2 Play game like the other f2p games, nearly anything except colors (which u can get from events) can be obtained in game by playing. It's combinated FPS Coop shooting game where you can do climbing, wallrunning, jumping, sliding and much more. There are so many weapons like swords, katanas, scythe, polearms, rifles, bows, crossbow, pistols, grenadelaunchers etc. I recommend to gather some friend and play together because it's really nice game with very long gameplay. +Gameplay +Graphics +It's free +Great Guidance +Long Gameplay +Creativity +Great Community (not like blaming ppl in DotA2, LoL, HoN etc.) -Bugs (Of course it's still Beta) -Problems with connection to a friend
game-hours: 22.3
review: this is a great shooting sci-fi game.really i think most players who love space games then this is 1 to play like anyother.
game-hours: 1471.5
review: cant stop playing
game-hours: 162.4
review: Jump, shoot, spells. A third person romp that is best enjoyed in short bursts, for the grind is insanity. A fairly refreshing adventure when it comes to killing vast quantities of things. I actually find the bizzare melty design of everything appealing, asthetic wise!
game-hours: 5.4
review: love this game my favorite sci-fi game
game-hours: 219.6
review: Very fun, better than Desert Bus
game-hours: 402.2
review: esse jogo  muito show vale muito a pena baixar para jogar com os amigos
game-hours: 111.5
review: fun :D fun :D but i lag LOL
game-hours: 10.1
review: Deja Vu Simulator 2014. The amount of identical corridors gives a sense of mystery and the decision to keep playing or not. Definitely recommended for mental patients of a kind as they can relate to the repetetive and intuitive design.
game-hours: 449.0
review: Latex wearing ninjas.
game-hours: 535.2
review: Truly Acrobatic Ninjas and Leveling Up System, Amazing Graphics with DirectX 11. Warframe will truly bring you the atmosphere of Gun and Run or Hack and Slash games of all time. Come my friends, you must join the war !
game-hours: 4.8
review: the game where everything 1 hits you and it takes 500 clips of a rocket launcher to kill a gorilla thing
game-hours: 478.4
review: SPACE NINJAS
game-hours: 22.7
review: Hmmmmmm I LOVE DAT GAME
game-hours: 104.1
review: Yes.
game-hours: 27.0
review: arkadalarnzla oynarsanz birok oyundan elenceli olur :D
game-hours: 215.9
review: Great looking game gota give them props for it to be f2p with this kinda graphics and all my hours i played i had a great time and i hope many hours to come to myself and rest of you players out there
game-hours: 3166.4
review: playing, playing, playing, glance at the watch, whooops 5 hours gone
game-hours: 192.1
review: HI, i just wan't say something that i can't log in game.Then,something came out say Account suspended until Jan 01 2035 due to End User License Agreement Violation. What should i do? wait till Jan 01 2035 to play back again or need to creat new acc? comment pls
game-hours: 714.8
review: Space ninja simulator with a self coloring system!
game-hours: 198.6
review: You get to play as a ninja in a kinky spandex suit. This fulfills all my fetishes. 10/10 would masturbate again. ...I'm gunna need more tissues.
game-hours: 169.8
review: its funny becuase ive been playing this since jan highly reccomend it #spaceninjasftw
game-hours: 1144.8
review: Warframe is a game where you're a robot ninja and you go around with 3 other robot ninja's and prepare to curbstomp the entire enemy opposition because of all the characters unique abilities. This game can also be described as Metal Gear Rising meets Halo meets Dead Space meets Borderlands. You got the fast paced robot ninja action ala Metal Gear, the characters looking like Halo and Dead Space, the infested feel like Halo Flood and the Dead Space Necromorph, and the 4 player drop in drop out co-op and grinding is like Borderlands. Of course, the devs where smart when they designed the grinding aspect, as the map has a unique thingy that allows each and every time to be different so you don't get bored of running through the same place a million times to go fight this boss, which is where borderlands failed. The microtransactions are kinda weird though, but nothing too major unless you like to waste money buying items when it's easier and cheaper to go find the components, build it, and then rush the item. The action is very fast and flowing, where you could go from jumping in the air shooting at people to sliding into people and insta gibbing them with your melee weapon. It's all very fun, and I'd recommend it for anyone who likes fast paced ninja robot action TL;DR: THIS GAME IS GOOD GET IT YOU AS SHOLE.
game-hours: 60.5
review: First i time i heard about it i was like naahhh!! but after i tryed it helll yeah this game rocks xD
game-hours: 118.6
review: This is by far one of the most fun and addicting games ive ever played. The mission layout is fantastic and the warframe seem to develop personalities even though they dont speak, Warframe is very well maintained with its awesome staff team making the game fun for everyone. This isnt a "Pay to Win" free to play game at all its the opposite, everything you can buy can be crafted or found. i highly recomend this game to anyone wanting a fun free game to play with friends.
game-hours: 327.7
review: ITS GOT AWESOME GAMEPLAY AND ITS CO-OP ADD ME ON THERE MY NAME IS LITHIUMMAN14 XD
game-hours: 1367.2
review: Fantastic f2p game everything can be earned ingame minus things such as extra equipment slots and warframe slots. Ahem think of it as a 3rd person space diablo esque type game and thats Warframe in a nutshell! Plenty of customisation is available for weapons via the Mod system for both weapons and warframe with each mod being upgradeable. The Dojo acts as your clans (guilds in Warframe) home base which YOU decide how it's laid out and whats being built and/or researched at any given time. PvP does exist but at the moment being in beta still it's not quite there yet but overall the Game is always improving every patch, the void is challenging, Survival can be extreme fun pushing yourself for those risky extra 5 minutes for another chance at that oh so rare mod and with the recent addition of the trading system this game will always be something I go back to!
game-hours: 103.2
review: An impressive f2p game that includes squad coop (Left4Dead, Payday: The Heist), a set of combat moves and wallrunning (FEAR, but better), a fun and not so grindy progression system (blueprints, materials, mod-cards - customisable 'builds'), and once you get good enough It's pure sex watching your team demolish a room full of enemies, all without even touching the ground :D
game-hours: 1178.5
review: Just play it I guess... I played it, got stuck. What am I doing with my life? ._.
game-hours: 21.6
review: So let me get this straight: you took UT2K4's Invasion mode, added RPG elements, then set that simple, neat package arunnin' in a completely frenetic Assault mode, put it in the current UT engine... and then released it for free? Wow.
game-hours: 692.8
review: Excellent game, Excellent game play. Loads of fun to play with friends or randoms. The huge amount of grinding in this game can get tedious, but the different weapons and "frames" are loads of fun to collect. The developers are very dedicated to the community and over the course of the game have made improvements of insaine scale. With new things coming out every few weeks, this game will always bring a fresh face to an awesome gameplay style.
game-hours: 671.2
review: Beatifully fluent game for those who love space cyborg ninjas.
game-hours: 105.5
review: this isnt a very good representation of astronauts. you cant even go to the moon
game-hours: 942.9
review: When it comes to discussing Warframe, I can say a lot of stuff. I can mention a refined game system, which updates even further over time. I can praise the developers, who obviously love the game they create and are fast to bring us the new stuff. I can say that Warframe is the first game that attracted me with its unique style. But the thing that I love the most is the setting lore - well, its scattered parts, which are brought with every new update. The lore is by far the most original thing in the game: how about a well mixed coctail made of space adventures, roman and japanese culture? Don't forget the feeling of waking up in a cryocapsule and realising that there are very few left of your nation, if any, and everyone else in the universe hates you.
game-hours: 1006.5
review: This is the game of 2013 for me. Cool action with distinctive weapons and swords, beautiful sets to destroy your foes. There's a Dojo where you and your clan can battle in pvp mode, and you can test your own build Warframe with others. There are monthly updates that bulk up the game time after time. If you don't play this yet, just download it for free and start pew pewing your way through the galaxy.
game-hours: 2.6
review: Great Game
game-hours: 131.9
review: its different from all basic games i like it when u play warframe dont forget the break:))
game-hours: 1052.1
review: By far the most fun you can have in Co-op, with gorram space ninjas and crazy guns. Endless fun, with a great community and ongoing updates that constantly expand the scope of the game. And if you're a tight- free2play type, Digital Extremes have the most fair monetization system I've seen in any f2p game.
game-hours: 272.9
review: This game made me forsake the ease of use console style gaming and return to PC gaming. Between the massive variety of things you can do, modify, and customize to suit your exact style of play DE made happen. Just about everything you could ever hope to get in a premium game, and it's absolutely free.
game-hours: 10.4
review: Awesome Game. Nice Graphics and a user friendly Interface. Highly Recomended
game-hours: 433.6
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 2074.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1256.3
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 319.7
review: Cool game space ninja wars FTP. like the box said :) Make your your way trough the missions modes exterminate, sabotage, defense, capture, interception, excavation and planet boss fights all while building new frames/weapons. U get mod cards to power it along the way. Build your self a sentinels robot to cover your back and join u on your quests as of update 14 We got kubrows (wolf bat cat dogs XD) as a battle pet as your companion option. Most things (all if u trade items for platinum near end game) in the game are able to be obtained for free though it can be a lot of work. The Platinum is priced kind of high but then again the devs need to make a living somehow so get it if u like to support the devs :) and u can always wait on a steam sale or login reward discount. War is a grind but im having a blast while doing it ^^
game-hours: 66.4
review: Awesome game, 4.5 stars :3
game-hours: 79.7
review: Have you ever wanted a retro ninga game? Well, this is for you. This 4 player player third-person shooter is good for freinds looking for a good time. You play as a Tenno, an advanced race of beings, who have these advanced suits called Warframes each with their own special characteristics and abilitys. You, and 3 other players, go from planet to planet, to help and save it, from the deep jungles of Earth, to the icy and cold wastelands of Mars. Every planet has a boss that you must defeat to advance to the next planet, and getting there is half the fun. The controls of this game are very fluint and wallrunning and sliding around the map makes you feel like a badass ninja. The weapons in this game all have their own feel to them, and exploring and testing out which ones are good for you can be very fun. Plus, all the mods you can put on them make it feel like your own. The imagery and art style of this game is amazing, and beutifal to look at. I found myself stopping and looking around at the beutifal scenary and architexture before speeding off again to join the rest of my teamates. The time when you are surrounded by hundreds of enemies, and you pull off your special move to clear them all away is something to admire. The best thing about this game is that it's free, so play to your hearts content. Be prepared to grind a lot though, if you want to be able to get all of the other cool and amazing weapons, and Warframes without spending any money, it's going to take many hours. This game is a very strong money pusher, but if you stay head strong and just grind, you will get to where you don't need to spend a dime on what you want. My other gripe about this game is that the crafting system and market isn't really explained well, and can be confusing to first timers. But, once you are able to learn and play, you will be sucked in this game for hours on end, and you won't want to stop. from a scale of 1 to 10, i would give this game a 8 out of 10. Hope this helped!
game-hours: 600.3
review: I mean, it's alright.
game-hours: 63.6
review: Good game! very addictive!
game-hours: 311.4
review: This game is pretty cool, and it's free! Ok heres the run-down: You are known as Tenno, which look like space ninjas, and your job is to save the galaxy, I believe, its multiplayer still in beta so don't get too angry with the game. But overall it's fun and I will be playing it!
game-hours: 502.5
review: sometimes add alert that give free colour palete
game-hours: 2674.9
review: Do your self a favor and play it You Play as The Tenno anceinnt Mysterious warrior From The Orokin age and you have wke Up into a new war Versus Grinner Corpus and Infesteds and your job is to save your kind and to save the Universe From all threats And this game is sooo fun Combining between SCI fi and FPS making the perfect games with varety of wepons and warframes at your Disposale with Sick looking Custmisations Just for you Plus it's a co op game so you can havefun with your freinds make clan with them have labbs And climb up the leaderboareds to be the Best player :3
game-hours: 96.5
review: Farmville the space ninja edition... bring your rakes or bring your wallet.
game-hours: 75.9
review: only quinn cant play since he's bad.
game-hours: 374.8
review: Warframe was a game I got into a couple of months ago. Overall, I'm really skeptical about Free to Play games, lots of them are one time installs and play for the laughs with some friends and then delete it about 2 months later after forgetting you installed it. Warframe is not such a game, in fact I'd go as far to say that it's a rare gem in the whole free to play game list. It's fair about leveling & items and it's not heavily slanted towards the usual pay to win style we see from free to play games. Anyone can build themselves new items and frames from blueprints (purchasable in the market with the regular currency) which require you to find all the parts from locations and wait for it to craft in the foundry. Alternatively you can just pay the price tag in platinum (the premium currency) and get it on the spot. Even after 200 hours of play time, I have never bought a single item with platinum. I didn't even spend any money on the game until around 150 hours (and even then, it was only $25 because I got a 75% off voucher log in reward) and that should clearly show you how nicely balanced this game is. There is a LOT you can do without paying; heck you can do everything in the game without paying which is fantastic to see in a Free to play game. The developers are fantastic and really active, they have hotfixes and updates monthly if not weekly and are actively talking with the community and dealing with reported bugs and such. The community is just as equally amazing and I've had lots of enjoyable and funny online experiences with pubs. To sum this all up: play it. Give it a shot and see what it's like. The early game is a little slow if you don't have a bunch of friends to carry you through high level missions to get masses of xp, but soon enough you'll be tearing through enemies with multi shot rifles that set people on fire and send body parts flying. Gameplay: 10/10 Graphics: 9.5/10 Sound: 9/10 Overall: 9.5/10
game-hours: 10.8
review: This game looks like Black Light and Dead Space had a baby
game-hours: 27.1
review: Great visuals and combat especially good to play with some friends 10/10
game-hours: 156.7
review: It's Ninjas In SPACE. With NINJA SPACE DOGS
game-hours: 490.1
review: Maybe you bother to read, maybe you dont. maybe this review will get top rated, maybe it wont. maybe you'll never see this, maybe you will. if you've seen this the last maybe-maybe doesnt count for you :D. i'm writing this review at 21/08/14, but i've stopped playing warframe because i was trying out some other games and got lured in by grinding, so some stuff might be outdated when you are reading this. i'm trying my best on english, grammar and typing but it might contain some grammar/ spelling-errors. plz no hate for those but i will try to fix asap if you say it in a post. CaPiTaLs have never been my thing, so you wont see many I's and. Capitals after . ... ... (dots). One of the most un-P2W games I've ever played. besides that, you are able to get nearly anything from the store. and you are gonna need additional weapon/ inventory slots. which can all be bought by.... .... .... platinum(premium, tradable currency)! there aren't any real boosters but there are "potatoes"/ catalysators which'll give your weapon/ warframe twice as much mod capacity. these catalysators are also availble through "lotus gift", an random alert which'll give you one of those. for some weapons/ frames you'll need to increase your mastery rank, which will increase by leveling up any gear. every weapon/ warframe has to be crafted if you choose to grind all its components and not pay for it. the blueprints can be bought from the store or can be found. its gonna cost you from one minute to 3 days for stuff to finish, weapons starting at 12h and the frames themselves high and lonely at the top. all can ve rushed for..... guess what? platinum! when its finished you'll have to go through the regular path of claiming it, and than leveling, to a max of lvl 30. why do i have to lvl it? because itll get you mod capacity! allowing to omptimize your gear and fine-tune it according to your playstyle. there are, starter weapons (MK-1 mostly) regular weapons, expansive regular weapons, clan tech and grindy prime stuff (prime components/ blueprints are tradable). for clan tech you'll obviously need a clan which has build a room, allowing you to build research rooms (a total of 4). in every research room you can ... research stuff! good guessing. researching will require credits (non premium currency, not tradable. but required to trade!) and a lot of time/ platinum. once researching is done you can get the blueprint. there are sentinels and kubrows to help you in your mission. a sentinel is a floating thing which can be customized and modded. there are multiple sentinels with multiple guns. once you've made a sentinel you'll also get its gun. you'll have to craft the sentinel for the gun but you can equip nearly any gun on any sentinel. every sentinel will also come with its own special abilities. same goes for kubrows, but these are melee and look more like a dog. they'll help you and have some awesome mods to be equipped. for guns you have a primary and a secondary. including bows, crossbows, shotguns, rifles, sniper rifles, throwable knives and special stuff. you can get 30 to 60 mod capacity on these. melee! you have long swords, short swords, dual sword, daggers, a glaive, axe, dual axe, whips, some hammers and more. these also have 30-60 mod capacity which can be upgraded by stance mods. allowing you to perform combo's and increasing the stamina cost. warframes. all have their unique powers (though some powers closely resemble eachother), speed, hp, shield, armor, stamina and energy. warframes are equippable with aura mods which'll give a team-wide bonus. they also give additional mod capacity. you have tanky frames to stealth frames. engineer frames and "medic" frames. and more. you cannot chance a frame's gender. frames will also get a little energy/ hp/ shield bonus with every lvl they gain. mods. as said you have a mod capacity. you'll gain one to two mod capacity for every level your weapon/ frame/ whatever gains. melee and frames have stance/ polarity slots which'll increase the mod capacity even more. whats that? i have added so many mods and i want to max them all but i cant because i've reached the max! no worries, forma is here to save the day. forma..? yeah, it resembles some golden puzzle piece and is able to change that little icon you can see in the upper right corner of every mod-slot. but! forma doesnt save the day for free, it wants maxed gear! so it can eat every precious level away until its unranked! you'll do that for you dearest weapon wont you? forma isnt that hard to get, it will sometimes be availble through alerts and can be found in OD missions. :o what is OD? its orokin derelict. fight infested on an infested orokin ship. BPs can be bought in the store and will require a nav coordinate and ANY void key. dont was your T3 and T4 here, just use T1 or T2 if you want. this game will get you grinding pretty fast. STOP! when you start grinding the fun is gone (for me). look for some friends, invite them to the game, maybe start up your own clan with them? get together in a (4 players max) squad, and have fun! if you care, my favourite weapons and frames are: valkyr/ zephyr. ogris/ ignis. none/ yet. jat kittag. Beware: everything except valkyr is clan tech, and zephyr requires tons of oxium (i bought it .-.)
game-hours: 43.5
review: Warframe is among one of the best free to play games you can get...if you can run it. Even with my high end gaming laptop it still has lag issues. But besides that it's really fun to play. New content and updates/fixes are administered quite frequently and it has gotten more content since I first tried it when it came out. There always seems to be an event going on which makes it more fun to jump in and play. A word of advice...do not go and buy the weapons and Warframes. Why? Because it's more fun to gather the ingredients to make them. You can basically make any of the items (weapons, Warframes and sentinels) with blueprints...if they aren't on the market you'll eventually collect them. If you always wanted to know what it feels like to be a parkour ninja...this game is perfect. Otherwise...it's definitely worth a try anyway!
game-hours: 222.2
review: Main purpose of game is to trade,craft, and play basically. May be boring at times though.
game-hours: 237.4
review: yes
game-hours: 780.2
review: Do you love shooting them sum'bucks? Do you love magical powers? Do you love grinding your life of for rewards? Then this game is perfect for you. Warframe is without a doubt an awesome game, constant updates, a space themed FPS with magical powers to melt the faces of your enemies, very fast paced action, it's dynamic and you can parkour the entire level. You're never gonna be without a thing to do, but because of this we can talk about the only downside of the game, which for some others, like myself, aren't that bad of a negative point, I'm talking about the overgrind to get stuff like specific mods to upgrade your weapons, weapon parts and warframe parts. This game isn't difficult at all, the early phase is just fine to play without a sweat, and much more fun with friends, but you might reconsider if you're not in the mood to grind when you reach that near mid-game, but it is worth when you two-shot that freaking boss who killed you a bunch of times when you get more levels and better gear.
game-hours: 282.1
review: This Game is amazing , i played this all the time ... it has fancy graphics and a lot of cool looking weapons
game-hours: 27.5
review: YESH YESH YESH YESH YESH YESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESH
game-hours: 226.4
review: 1.) You're a ninja...in space. 2.) You have access to potential overkill weapons and abilities that you can upgrade any way you want. 3.) You basically become an "unknown hero" by saving the galaxy without a soul truly knowing. 4.) Nothing is ever truly the same time, going though the same area multiple times will show different maps and enemy layouts, so each time in a mission you have to think on your toes. 5.) Why are you still reading this and not in-game right now?
game-hours: 347.2
review: Badass 3rd person game. If u like crafting game/farming game u would like this.
game-hours: 1317.8
review: Applause is in order for the developers for creating such a truly amazing game. It may be quite repetitive, but compared to a game like Call of Duty or Counter Strike, Warframe is not that repettitive. The game may be a grindfest, but all shooters are in some way a grindfest, and most have minimal customization. Call of Duty is nowhere near the customizational level, and counter strike is static uncustomizable to the max. And who wouldn't want to be a freaking space ninja? However this game is highly... well... Beta... glitchy... and all out hillarious or annoying when it does. I'm in love with this game. When you look in the platinum store and you see a weapon that is 150+ platinum, it's simply the developer's way of saying, "Here, be lazy if you want, but it'll cost you buddy!" There is no way that I can express the fun I've had on this game because the game itself is ever changing and ever updating, and best of all... FOREVER FREE. This game without a doubt has my seal of approval. I the Leader of Boxes everywhere am proud to give this game a 10/10! (and a 50/10 in Betaness)
game-hours: 1317.7
review: You are supposedly a space ninja but the fact that stealth is optional and using high explosives and wide area explding skills is a way of life you think the game might loose some points. Guess again ! :D
game-hours: 69.7
review: It is fun, but on the other hand it is confusing for me (personally)
game-hours: 499.8
review: Fair F2P where skill is rewarded
game-hours: 530.8
review: YISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
game-hours: 239.5
review: You sir! Yes you! Do you enjoy 3rd person games? Do you enjoy shooting games? How about games with swords? And what about games with wall running, sliding, flipping, air kicks and all other ninja moves, you enjoy those aswell? Do you like your games with a easy multiplayer setup and amazing clan function with a working meeting hall (dojo) and everything? Well then, my good sir, this game is for you! There is, however, a heavy P2W factor involved that will have you easily spending a couple of bucks a few hours into the game if you're the kinda guy that doesn't like working for his stuff. There is a supreme lack in any story in this game but the devs seem to be trying to patch that up with many new quest releases. Speaking of devs, here we have a development crew that are actually in touch with their community actually listen to them. Which is refreshing in the modern society of false promises and poor delivery in gaming today. All in all, great game, I haven't paid for a single thing yet and I'm having a blast so the P2W doesn't bother me that much. It's got solid game play and is seriously pretty. Did I mention they added moustaches?
game-hours: 849.8
review: Been playing this game for a long time (The hours in my steam didn't sync with my warframe account idk why), and it's so much fun along with the community itself. Well this game is a "grinding" game which forces you to play missions over and over and over again, but it's so addictive. The most fun part is building your warframe/weapons until it Overpowered (or OP), putting the right mods and stuffs. There's so much memories in this game even i can't remember them all lol. Game score? for a co-op f2p i give it 7 out of 10.
game-hours: 1317.8
review: Applause is in order for the developers for creating such a truly amazing game. It may be quite repetitive, but compared to a game like Call of Duty or Counter Strike, Warframe is not that repettitive. The game may be a grindfest, but all shooters are in some way a grindfest, and most have minimal customization. Call of Duty is nowhere near the customizational level, and counter strike is static uncustomizable to the max. And who wouldn't want to be a freaking space ninja? However this game is highly... well... Beta... glitchy... and all out hillarious or annoying when it does. I'm in love with this game. When you look in the platinum store and you see a weapon that is 150+ platinum, it's simply the developer's way of saying, "Here, be lazy if you want, but it'll cost you buddy!" There is no way that I can express the fun I've had on this game because the game itself is ever changing and ever updating, and best of all... FOREVER FREE. This game without a doubt has my seal of approval. I the Leader of Boxes everywhere am proud to give this game a 10/10! (and a 50/10 in Betaness)
game-hours: 1317.7
review: You are supposedly a space ninja but the fact that stealth is optional and using high explosives and wide area explding skills is a way of life you think the game might loose some points. Guess again ! :D
game-hours: 69.7
review: It is fun, but on the other hand it is confusing for me (personally)
game-hours: 500.0
review: Fair F2P where skill is rewarded
game-hours: 417.1
review: great game with lots of variety :) defenitely cannot miss it!!!
game-hours: 1817.3
review: This is one of the best free games you're gonna find on the market right now. The game has tons of levels, diverse enemies, and more weapons than you can shake 12 loosely bundled sticks at. The only minor complaint I had about the game was the need to buy more "backpack" slots using real money, but this has now been solved, with the recently added ability to trade in-game items for platinum. You have no reason to avoid this game. Try it, or suffer a less delightful life.
game-hours: 25.8
review: no have eye and nose but still good :D
game-hours: 1513.6
review: you may stop playing it for a while but when you get bored and want to play something you get draged in to the gameplay and it gets even more fun than it already was :D i really recommend this amazing game to every one. You dont have to be a P2w (pay to win) because the DEVs make it easy to get every thing with out paying real life money you may get mad a bit from farming things to get stuff you want but its better than having to pay real money just to get stuff you can just farn for and its not that hard :D I really recommend this game to many gammers that loves FPS or TPS games and ninjas :D Now go have fun being a ninja :3
game-hours: 466.7
review: Fun gameplay but absolutely stupid pricing. Grinding is fun if you like that kind of thing and all gameplay-changing things are able to get free with ingame currency.
game-hours: 62.1
review: ,    :
game-hours: 224.2
review: Easily best game f2p BEST GAME. NUFF SAID. BEST GAME BERST GAEM.!!! ERMAGERHD
game-hours: 237.4
review: yes
game-hours: 780.2
review: Do you love shooting them sum'bucks? Do you love magical powers? Do you love grinding your life of for rewards? Then this game is perfect for you. Warframe is without a doubt an awesome game, constant updates, a space themed FPS with magical powers to melt the faces of your enemies, very fast paced action, it's dynamic and you can parkour the entire level. You're never gonna be without a thing to do, but because of this we can talk about the only downside of the game, which for some others, like myself, aren't that bad of a negative point, I'm talking about the overgrind to get stuff like specific mods to upgrade your weapons, weapon parts and warframe parts. This game isn't difficult at all, the early phase is just fine to play without a sweat, and much more fun with friends, but you might reconsider if you're not in the mood to grind when you reach that near mid-game, but it is worth when you two-shot that freaking boss who killed you a bunch of times when you get more levels and better gear.
game-hours: 282.1
review: This Game is amazing , i played this all the time ... it has fancy graphics and a lot of cool looking weapons
game-hours: 27.5
review: YESH YESH YESH YESH YESH YESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESHYESH YESH YESH YESH YESH
game-hours: 226.4
review: 1.) You're a ninja...in space. 2.) You have access to potential overkill weapons and abilities that you can upgrade any way you want. 3.) You basically become an "unknown hero" by saving the galaxy without a soul truly knowing. 4.) Nothing is ever truly the same time, going though the same area multiple times will show different maps and enemy layouts, so each time in a mission you have to think on your toes. 5.) Why are you still reading this and not in-game right now?
game-hours: 347.2
review: Badass 3rd person game. If u like crafting game/farming game u would like this.
game-hours: 135.8
review: Its a great game for what it is worth... the idea of space ninjas seemed idiotic at the time.... until I started playing..... it is worth the time to play..... Parkour, guns, rocket launchers.... who wouldn't love that.
game-hours: 326.2
review: I enjoy playing this game.
game-hours: 1175.2
review: This game is definately a good reccomend for anyone who has the time and the paitience (or money) to progress in it. This game is being constantly updated with new content every week, some small, some game changing, but always progressing, chances are if you played this game earlier in its beta that it is a completely new beast from whatever you lasted tasted - everything has been up for change: the damage system, the melee system, the upgrade system, the UI, the hud, the parkour, individual warframe abilites have all been successful candidates for overhaul and have improved the game. The only major gripe is that the level of content and lack of support can currently make things daunting for newer players to learn. But again, this is something the devs are currently working on to improve. The only issue with how well you'll do will depend on how quickly you join and the sooner the better. It's a beta, you'll run into glitches and hitches, it's just how it works, you'd be hard pressed to find even fully released titles that don't have bugs, but it'd be harder to find a dev team more dedicated to pushing this game forward than the team behind Warframe. This game is going places and you should definately consider joining the ride now while you have the chance to get the upper hand as soon as possible. To top it all off, it's a game about space ninjas with superpowers, honestly I don't see what else you want.
game-hours: 1101.8
review: It's ok I guess.
game-hours: 97.4
review: Warframe is a really beautiful game with interesting gameplay, but after time gets very repetitive. Lots of grinding for the items/gear/frames you want, but can be truly rewarding. I love this game, but I wish there was more incentive to complete worlds. I also wish there was a larger variety in mission type, because its basically either assassinate a special dude, kill all the enemies, or defend a cryopod. Variety would make this game 10/10. At this point I would still give it a 8/10. Again, its ing GORGEOUS on highest graphic settings. Would fap to.
game-hours: 81.6
review: is free but fun:)
game-hours: 44.4
review: similar to dead space type. Much awesome Such graphics So addicted  wow
game-hours: 0.2
review: I cant open it..i try to start the game but then they say:" Warframe cant be run on this version of Windows; Windows XP Service Pack or later is required ." ..A friend of mine use Windows 7 and it works on his pc but not on mine..
game-hours: 714.6
review: What happens when you combine the Parkour from Mirrors Edge, with Bullet Physics, Moba-like Power-ups and Melee? An unplayable pulp... And yes, thats what Warframe was for a while Unplayable, confusing, straight up bad... But this game has seen in its one and a half year of existence, more attention than any other game I have ever played, and it was attention from the Devs, and Players alike. Its step by step evolution from unplayable to epic was a long journey, one that I was a part of. Warframe is now closer to the final draft than ever before, and in my opinion is one of the few fun and original shooters out there The current mechanics offer a great spice up to the genre and the co-op focused nature of the game makes it feel like an epic RPG rather than a generic VS shooter The amazing character designs and settings, the concept and the lore of the game are delivered in an amazing way. They make this game pleasant without much unnecessary dialogue and cutscenes, and the ran-gen nature of the map and enemies, is a powerful tool, than ensures differentiation in weapons and tactics, even if you are to play the same level again, you will never find the same enemies at the same place, using the same gun Dont let the Free to play scare you away! Warframe is a no-Paywall game You can craft everything in there through normal gameplay, get the materials and build all the things! Or you can buy them with platinum to support the game! (You need Platinum to buy weapons slots and cosmetics) Yes, Warframe is not a perfect game, and its not a finished game It can be really frustrating at times and it lacks many things. But its finally on the right path. Seeing a game get from unplayable to amazing doesnt happen often. But what I always saw, is that Warframe has this, sort of retrieving quality Maybe its the community, maybe its the huge flow of quality content, maybe its just the stunning way this game looks, maybe its the sheer fun this game exhales, maybe it's the people that I met in the game, the tenno in my clan, or maybe its just me I could never stop playing this game Its only clear that we have a gem in our hands, and that it gets brighter every day Warframe, you won! Tenno on guys! ^^
game-hours: 274.5
review: 10/10 would Pupuyay again.
game-hours: 370.7
review: Great Gun/Blade FPS game.. once you get used to it... you will be hooked.
game-hours: 170.3
review: gameplay: pretty good but a little poopy. DE sometimes changes the poopy things but not very fast. still enjoyable progression: very snappy compared to most MMOs, you can get new things very easily. maxing stuff out in every possible way takes a long time but that's good because you need something to do if you do everything else graphics: very nice, pretty effects, etc. story: you are a space ninja robot man so 10/10 dumb : crafting important things like new warframes (characters) takes days IRL, but you can still do other stuff in the mean time and you don't need to be logged in or anything. End game content is pretty poopy. Some tilesets get used a bit too much (but they add new ones sometimes, and they're still much better than going through the exact same dungeon constantly) Sometimes the game bugs out but fortunately it won't ruin your session very often and if it does you can just kill yourself and let your team finish the mission for you.
game-hours: 1621.8
review: This has become my favorite "Free-to-Play" game. I enjoy this game so much that space ninjas made me spend a buttload of money on it...
game-hours: 549.7
review: Good game))
game-hours: 2.6
review: Great Game
game-hours: 10.8
review: you could slice people up 10/10
game-hours: 10.1
review: Deja Vu Simulator 2014. The amount of identical corridors gives a sense of mystery and the decision to keep playing or not. Definitely recommended for mental patients of a kind as they can relate to the repetetive and intuitive design.
game-hours: 283.2
review: Recommend this game, new interesting stuff comes out every update, so you have that going. But the maps can get a bit repetitive sometimes, and if it does, go to a new planet!
game-hours: 35.8
review: Warframe was a very good surprise, i used to play on the earlier stages of the game and it was a very good concept with great graphics but there wasnt much content at that time, so i took a break from it, but when i return i found a great f2p game with a lot of content and replayablity. The graphics are awesome, the looting, the teaming up with your clan/friends, you will get hooked once you understand the basics and then you want more and better. The only negative is the connection problems related to the Strict NAT issue, but im sure they will fix that and add even more content to the game. 4,6/5.
game-hours: 199.5
review: This game is all around fun. It's not Pay to Win, just Pay to SWEAG. Everything that's in the store can be found and built in-game. You can either play solo or with friends. (Playing with friends in this game doesn't slow you down, it actually speeds things up.) And best thing is, YOU'RE A SPACE NINJA WITH GUNS. Fighting against eveeeiiillll. It's a definite get. I mean if it wasn't, then why is is so popular and on PS4? GET IN THIS AND FIGHT FOR THE LOTUS, TENNO!
game-hours: 1363.5
review: I can highly recommend this game to people who like third person shooters. It is a freerun (very good movement to get quickly around the maps), cop ninja space hack'n slash shooter. It has many different area's and in each area it generates a new order of chambers to make the completion run slightly different every time. Also it's free to play so why wouldn't you try it out? the PvP isn't really great, but it is mostly a cop PvE game anyway. This game is much about farming resources and bleuprints for new equipment, weapons and suits/characters. There is a trading system in game to make getting the prime bleu prints easier. You can ofcourse spend money on additional stuff (it isn't a pay to win game). That isn't necesarry to do so, by using trading you can get even those items anyway but it'll take way longer ofc. I played this game for more then 1120 hours and i never spend any real money on it. If you become really good in playing and speeding trough missions, it can become kind of a bore and annoyance to drag noob players across the map, if I play a non t4 mission with players that are not on my friend list, 99% of the games I play will result in me having done more 90% of all damage and me waiting at a door that needs 2 players to open.... Also there is not really much of an end game and if you want to play this game for melee mostly then don't, it's a shooter, at the point of writing this review melee is obsolete even for characters that are based around melee. Conlusion: It's good and free, by far my most played game on steam.
game-hours: 296.2
review: Warframe is a game that is free to play, but no payment is ever really nessicary. I've actually only played the game for 100 hours, and I'm in end game tier equipment. The game is always open, and though uninteresesting at first, once you get some friends to play with, and talk to the game is a blast. Don't get me wrong, the game is a blast without your friends, but in a co-op game, friends is always the best way to go. The game has missions, about 20 per planet/moons. There are about 20 of these moons, along with random levels called "alerts", and "invaisons". There are 6 or 7 mission types. The levels are randomly generated, but the type will always be the same for the mission you selected. I've never seen the same level twice, though they will pretty much always have the same aethetic. These mission types really make each mission unique. Extermination is where you need to kill all the enemies in a level. Defense is like horde mode, but you're defending a certain artifact. You have the option to extract every 5 waves, with loot getting better, but enemies getting harder every wave and the potential to lose everything you're already earned. Moble defense is kind of like defense, but rather than wave based, it's time based with you having to take a core around to different static posts. This is the worst type of mission. Survival is a time based mission where you must survive (duh) as long as possible. The enemy will cut your life support at the start of the mission, so you must get life support dropped from Lotus. Extration is where you must mine cyotic, a special ore ice thing, used to freeze luxury Marsian Jellyfish (I wish I was joking). The game is always intense action, there's always something to do, and that's why it's so fun. Though Earth, and eventually Mercury are kind of boring, but once you get out of there, the game gets so good, it's unimagible. A great experiance, deserved to be played by everyone, with frequent patches, and constant attention. PLAY THIS GAME!!!
game-hours: 332.0
review: This game won the world record for having the largest gathering of people wearing false mustaches simultaneously in a videogame. Nuff' said.
game-hours: 62.6
review: I luv it. Mass Effect and Halo had a Co-op Ninja baby.
game-hours: 910.0
review: +Looks like devs push their Evolution Engine pretty good; +Smooth gameplay; +Good matchmaking; +Nice weaponry and deal damage system; +Game become much better over time with new features, modes and fixed old ones; +Finally some AI improvement is going on; +Music improvements, now is pleased to hear; +Pretty responsible dev team to community; +Okay clan system. -Sadly low level of overall design (but have some tact) and palette and FX planning; pretty influencing, f.e. sometimes you find enemy or ally much faster at radar instead of just looking in front of you! in the middle of a battle. -Different diffuse and normal maps resolution in game assets; seriously? Devs haven't sense of object's scale? -Few quests, poor story; grinding feelings. -Some overload CPU performance; actually You not "feel" it ingame, but! if you monitor your Hardware or have any tasks in BG that using CP during game running you'll find out... -Some breaking logic elements in crafting and gameplay. -Minor not much gamebreaking bugs, some of them you don't even see if you're not so pedantic; things like slightly different damage dealt on host and client side of the game even with good network and data bandwidth and so on...
game-hours: 774.5
review: 100% yes
game-hours: 146.4
review: War Frame: BE a ninja alien chopping everything in half, If whilst playing you don't chop everything in half you are playing the game wrong.
game-hours: 10.3
review: Its is very fast-paced futuristic and just all out awesome game! I highly recoment this to anyone who would like a game like this!
game-hours: 298.3
review: Love It
game-hours: 189.8
review: Let's start off with the good: Space Ninja Wizards that fight robots Bad: Your face may melt off. 10/10
game-hours: 774.5
review: 100% yes
game-hours: 11.9
review: )
game-hours: 212.1
review: Yes it's F2P and it's a grind fest but it has nice visuals and a fun factor I haven't found in any other F2P shooter so I give it the thumbs up.
game-hours: 192.1
review: HI, i just wan't say something that i can't log in game.Then,something came out say Account suspended until Jan 01 2035 due to End User License Agreement Violation. What should i do? wait till Jan 01 2035 to play back again or need to creat new acc? comment pls
game-hours: 714.8
review: Space ninja simulator with a self coloring system!
game-hours: 535.2
review: Truly Acrobatic Ninjas and Leveling Up System, Amazing Graphics with DirectX 11. Warframe will truly bring you the atmosphere of Gun and Run or Hack and Slash games of all time. Come my friends, you must join the war !
game-hours: 4.8
review: the game where everything 1 hits you and it takes 500 clips of a rocket launcher to kill a gorilla thing
game-hours: 1178.5
review: Just play it I guess... I played it, got stuck. What am I doing with my life? ._.
game-hours: 21.6
review: So let me get this straight: you took UT2K4's Invasion mode, added RPG elements, then set that simple, neat package arunnin' in a completely frenetic Assault mode, put it in the current UT engine... and then released it for free? Wow.
game-hours: 501.3
review: Enjoyed this game so much and spent a ton of hours on it.
game-hours: 874.3
review: Great game! Tons of replay value, huge assortment of weapons, warframes, and things to do! The DEVS really put a lot of time into this game
game-hours: 79.6
review: One Of The Best PC Games I Have Played, As Long As You Know What Your Doing.
game-hours: 27.8
review: Pretty fun game to play with friends!
game-hours: 563.4
review: One of the must fair f2p games out there with pve content.
game-hours: 202.8
review: An amazing Free mainly multiplayer game featuring: *Trading! *Awesome Graphics! *Clans! *A brief But good storyline!
game-hours: 10.7
review: It was okay, but it gets repetitive after just a few missions.
game-hours: 210.9
review: While I recommend this game, because it is a fun experience... I can easily see how the fun factor will die very quickly. There are a lot of weapon choices and different classes to play, but if you don't know what you already like you'll either spend a ton of time or money trying to find out. By default, you are limited to 2 classes and 8 weapons. Your starting class will take 1 of these slots. You (typically) have 3 weapons at all times. 1 primary, 1 sidearm, 1 melee weapon. During the learning process of what you like, you will most probably be deleting several weapons and frames to test out new ones. (or you can pay for more slots) Weapons and frames are crafted (or bought) They also level up. Leveling up items is how you level up your overall character level. That means, you must try new weapons and frames in order to advance further. I do not recommend spending money on anything that can be obtained by playing the game. The purpose of playing is to obtain resources and unlock new areas... to obtain more resources. If you buy your way to end-game, you will not have a reason to play. For me, I joined with a friend, who has some friends that have been playing for some time. My sister also joined up. What I've noticed is this... When I play with the veteran players (or with the public) there is a heavy rush factor. You will feel very underpowered, and will not really kill anything. It's like acceptable leeching. When I play with my friends that are just as weak as I am, I feel like we can have fun and explore the levels a bit more. The game is heavily co-op. The veterans that I know don't seem to have any trouble soloing some missions, but overall the missions are unforgiving. You will need to go in with a team. Lacking a central hub to meet people (future content) you will have to either have friends that play, or join in public games and take your chances. Recommended, but not long term.
game-hours: 399.5
review: A very cool game indeed. I did not want to play this game at first thinking that it would not be very fun because the game is a free-to-play game. However the gameplay is great and very action-packed. I really wish this game had more of a storyline, because there is allot that the creators of this game could do with a single player or co-op campaign. Other than very little story line, if you like game with allot of action and killing hoards after hoards of monsters while you play as a Tenno in the field to save the Universe!
game-hours: 35.9
review: I've been playing this game since beta about half a year ago and i cant begin to explain how aweosme this game is! Its a challenge and a ton of fun. you have to choice to do so much. Creating and customizing your warframe has to be the best part just waiting for it to be done is suspenseful. The game says you can be a ninja but in in my view your a god with awesome abliilties depeding on your warframe. Each warframe has different abilities it on depends on which one you pick or any warframe bluepring you pick up. This game has changed a ton honestly so much to do you can upgrade your warframe to be more BADASS and your weapons too. You can even have this little sential that will follow you around kill, heal or hack for you. There really isnt much of story line that i can remember but its a ton of fun! Its an online game you can switch the settings so you play with others or just rock out by yourself. No one can kill you but its a ton of fun at times to play with others whp actually know what their doing. This game is worth it all at the end short download and alot of detail and action! DOWNLOAD IT NOW you wont regret a thing once you try it and get use to it.
game-hours: 402.2
review: esse jogo  muito show vale muito a pena baixar para jogar com os amigos
game-hours: 2.1
review: This game is so impressive, especially for a free-to-play game. I'm so invested, I've spent hours just trying to get it to work. Can't wait to get to the Title Screen, it's been hyped so much!
game-hours: 227.7
review: With smooth animation and semi-simple controls, Warframe is on the right path. The graphics are pretty good, enough to run fluently. Gameplay can be a little difficult, with no real levels to train. It pushes you right into the game, and does a good job of explaining the controls for the most part. Some bugs may occur but it's on it's way. The sounds in the game are well done, an atmosphere that really pulls the player into the game. Gameplay may be a little intense. All in all, Warframe is a fairly good game, but it could use some improvements. 7/10
game-hours: 3327.4
review: Highly Recommended for the long term player. This game is still very much in development. The core gameplay works, but they're still struggling with balancing item drops and distribution systems. Bosses and areas are being revamped from placeholders, and major systems have not been implemented yet. Max rank for a player account is 30, and we do not have enough content yet to do more than barely scratch Rank 15 even doing everything. (02/18/2014). There's some negativity from players joining and expecting a finished and polished game as well as from established players who mistake incomplete or placeholder systems for 'bad' systems, but if you're looking for a long term shooter game with lots of progression and variety... frankly there aren't many good options out there right now. Warframe has TONS of weapons, VERY active development, REGULAR weekly content releases and the dev team turly listens and directly adresses player feedback in regular livestreams and forum 'community hot topic' posts. So I highly recommend it for the long term player despite it's struggles. The community also tends to be mostly baddies who don't use cover, don't aim at weakpoints and have no grasp of basic tactics. Sorry if jimmies are rustled but it's true. If you can cut it playing team survival games like Killing Floor or have experience with shooter games and can reliably get headshots, you will find getting started in this game far easier and less 'grindy' than people describe. Seriously. I'm not even trying to say that I'm any good, most people just treat it like it's Tabula Rasa 2 and run around shooting stuff center mass and comparing DPS all over the forums. If you are into action games you will just  all over warframe. Try it. Not P2Win. Everything is available without money except cosmetics and you can trade stuff to other players for the in-game currency they bought. Not PvP. There's basic dueling and some little arena stuff, but the game isn't balanced for it at all. Max players in a game is 4. Don't buy game currency full price. Wait for a sale or login reward coupon. It's like $10 for a gun buying small amounts at full price.
game-hours: 793.3
review: Is The Best Game For Ever! And Cool :3 !!! >:D<
game-hours: 21.8
review: Awesome co op Third Person Shooter. Note : Think of warframs as Mech suits.. just for this review.. there is a rather tangled lore behind this game I am not going in to for spoilers sake. Quick over view.. Space ninjas. Yes that picture is actually what they look like in game! Pros, OMG it looks awesome for a space game, All the Warframs and weapons look like they could be 3d printed right now. Co Op is very fun, Almost like Borderlands 2 but less of that slap stick humor Some what customizable You can change colors for your warframe and your weapons, Though the color choices are small to start with and unlock more as you level you will still have to spend real monies to get more colors. This being the only thing you can't unlock in the game. Play style flexibility So far it has your basic flexibility, until you unlock other warframs. So close range, mid range and distance. My current load out is Bo staff, shrunken, and bow and arrow. Three starter warframes.. Tank / close range Distance long range with lighting and a jack of all trades. This will expand in to a wide range of warframes including one that is support and one that is Healer. Pyro / frost / gravity driven warframs Exploration This game rewards you for exploring.. doo it .. free running is your friend ninja run up walls and across gaps.. find the thing. Con's FTP, Grind to win.. Or you can just PTW. yes it is a PTW game. This can be a real turn off for a lot of people. But being in Beta maby they will add a way to earn currency in game Its in Beta.. Bugs, incomplete animations, but hay its in beta it is free PS4 vs PC So far it is sported on two platforms but they can not cross play yet. Just like ESO it is not yet ready to talk cross server. Difficulty scaling may be a tad harsh. I am playing Solely with Kit, so we are 2 manning it ( can up to 4 man it) I think if we were soloing it it would be much harder. This may be to nudge people into paying for upgrades with currency, and make grinding harder. Playing coop we are fine, just noticing my bow (sniper weapon) is no longer 1 shooting mobs. Learning curve This game has a bit of a learning curve... the in game tutorial doesn't really tell you how to do things it mostly just point and says figure it out. This only make a HUGE difference with the mods. Fusing the right cards, can make some unbelievably powerful mods.
game-hours: 369.6
review: Warframe is a superb free to play game that you will be able to pump endless hours into. I downloaded it and instantly fell in love. This is by far the best free to play I have ever experienced.
game-hours: 620.7
review: Its fun. There have been a few changes that im not fond of, but adapt and overcome, and its really really really fun with a group of friends.
game-hours: 446.8
review: A really good fremium game. Have really enjoyed the 'Space Ninja' style game play with differeing level difficultly and the ability to create new warframes from just playing rather than spending is a real positive. Lagging is sometimes an issue with this game, but happy to take that as an issue in 'beta'. Would recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 954.6
review: So much details put into this game with so many lvl's and bosses. So much stuff you can build with resources you find in missions. this game sure is amazing :D 10/10
game-hours: 733.5
review: CO-OP game, repetitive and grindy, lots of farming, however, still in beta, constant updates and a unique combat system with interesting mechanics. PVP is there, but the main focus is PVE. Also PVP is unbalanced, no pay 2 win, however limiting for someone who doesn't pay money, can trade for currency to buy store items. Limited Customization for starters, being limited to 3 Warframes and a small pallete of colors, but still fair in terms of unlocking weapons and crafting other frames. Warframes offer plenty of playstyles, however, certain playstyles, like stealth, are unrewarding compared to just running through the levels with someone who can blow everything up. Certain weapons are useless, other weapons are OP, creating an uneven field and also making the game boring by having less variety until weapons are balanced. Unique movement system, however can be greatly improved upon if the devs worked on it. Current movement has wallrunning, sliding, and using melee weapons to turn yourself into a helicopter due to the speed boost from swinging it. Despite this, many viable playstyles and a decent amount of variety, but again, would be more variety should other weapons be balanced. Terrible AI, the AI is very dumb. Some AI are just faster than others and can perform different manuevers, however, they still lack a logical thinking process. Many will run up to you head-on, or will hide and take cover and allow you to pick them off, without thinking to move. Bosses have unique prospects, but are still pretty stupid. Game currently only rewards rushing, stealth is not possible, and few tactical options outside of warframe abilities. Very few variety between missions, there is defense, survival and extermination, along with another mission type which involves blowing up an object. There is also one where you run around and capture points, but that is only one ONE mission. Could use plenty more mission types.
game-hours: 3387.0
review: Why don't you have this game?
game-hours: 274.7
review: Picked up game with friends Eventually friends stop playing Haven't played with friends in ages Lotus is my only friend now 11/10
game-hours: 130.2
review: A very wow cool game
game-hours: 9.2
review: AMAZING GAME DA BEST 3RD PERSON SHOOTER OUT THERE..AWESOME BLEND OF CRYSIS 3 AND UNCHARTED 3 MULTIPLIED BY A MILLION TIMES..I HAVE NEVER LOVED GRIDING MORE THAN THIS 20/10
game-hours: 1072.2
review: First off, this game is free, so you should just check it out right now. Okay, with that out of the way, I love this game so much. If you are here for some of the best 3rd person combat (shooting & melee), solid co-op multiplayer, a fantastic leveling/upgrading system that really allows for some personal custimaztion based on your playstyle, and very (VERY) pretty graphics in an engine that runs incredibly well, then you are here for the right reasons. My biggest issue with the game used to be the lack of variety in environments, but that is no longer a problem. From when I started playing the game in closed beta, there are now 3-4 times as many areas. With the different mods in each area (now twice as many modes) and the randomly generated maps (as in the style of Diablo II & III), environments are very varied. Of course, with it a F2P game, you're likely skeptical about whether or not it is Pay2Win or not. While it isn't as fair of a model as Loadout or Path of Exile, it is probably the best model out there. I logged around 200 hours before ever spending money and I only used that money to buy weapon slots and visual upgrades seeing as how it's so much fun to actually earn weapons and frames in this game. I would say this game is 1 part Mass Effect 3's multiplayer, 1 part Left4Dead, and 1 part Prince of Persia/Mirrors Edge. If that sounds like a great time to you (I hope it does), then start downloading. Again, it is free and also the game is a pretty darn small file size. 5/5
game-hours: 8.1
review: Even though I don't understand this game fully yet, It's super fun with a friend or two......but this game gets to me because you have to pay for these in-game currency "silvers" to get some of the weapons and stuff. I could be wrong, but ovoerall good game!
game-hours: 1239.4
review: been playin this game for a couple months now got into the closed beta and grabbed a masters founders package, probably the best co-op shooter/hack n slash ive played in years
game-hours: 529.6
review: .   .    !    ))
game-hours: 2389.3
review: Doesn't take very long to grind.
game-hours: 1701.4
review: One of the best games out there on the market...and it's free!
game-hours: 375.9
review: This game has eaten more hours of my time for a free to play than even Team Fortress 2. I could write volumes about the merrits of this game, but alas there isn't room enough in this window. All I can really say is that this game is expansive, immersive, and addicting. 10/10, I will keep playing this and would recommend this to even the most casual gamer.
game-hours: 4709.8
review: I love this game, it is the one that I keep going back too, however I recently went back and looked at the new user experience, it was not as joyous as I remembered, the steps taken to introduce you with the tutorials were better than when I joined, but still I understand why so many people feel it is just too bewildering. Hopefully with the new user experience finally getting some major TLC this is going to make the whole process much more intuitive. The most striking thing to me, was how little damage the initial set of weapons do, and how few useful mods drop early on, I got through the opening missions on Mercury with others, my experience on these levels aided that, but the step up to Venus was horrendous, the osprey shields made trying to kill anything a chore. I was forced to go back and repeatedly run missions to rank up the mods I had managed to collect. However once you break through and get to Earth, this is when the game truly shines, better mods drop which made the whole game seem more palatable. The graceful movement within game is beautiful, the addition of melee 2.0 has added a whole new dimension to the game, making melee both viable and more importantly fun. It is worth the effort to perservere and to get fully acquainted with the mechanics of the game, it opens up a world of possibilities, the continual development is widening the scope of gameplay with each update. Definitely recommend accruing major game time.
game-hours: 315.5
review: I figured I ought to review this dynasty space ninjas of hellgate london. It's pretty good! For what you get at any rate. I've spent about twenty dollars into this game by now and I can honestly say I don't feel like it's been wasted time! It's a pretty grand game all things considered, it's simple, easy to get into, and the controls don't usually make me feel like a blind man groping for spilled change. At any rate, it's grindy, boring at times, but it's worth the occasional jump into for a purely cooperative experience. Don't you miss that? When games were purely Co-Op, or had a Co-Op focus? I miss that. What a shame.
game-hours: 202.8
review: An amazing Free mainly multiplayer game featuring: *Trading! *Awesome Graphics! *Clans! *A brief But good storyline!
game-hours: 993.5
review: I have seen the word great used in reviews here a lot. And it is fitting. I would say overall great. I have not been a gamer for too long, have a nice library of games going thanks to Steam sales. And this game has the best fanbase I have seen. Got some high level players that help me out and I never even seeked out any assistance. There is one thing I have learned in life .. never turn down help. Become a Tenno it's fun. Be warned though it can be highly addictive. I'm hooked hard.
game-hours: 105.0
review: Great f2p that u can be better than another just playing , without barriers like another games that if u use cash u could be a God. Great Graphics and sounds , fast commands , nice customization , great variety of weapons . I've played since the beta and the bugs almost don't exist anymore , each update with news and fix for the game that make it fantastic. The most perfect F2P ever .
game-hours: 757.2
review: Warframe's concept, when presented to the normal person, would seem unusual or unappealing. This can be forgiven since the concept is space ninjas on a solar mission of fighting giant brutes and strange merchantmen whilst holding back the invading forces of a mysterious infestation. Yet this game has proven to be hundreds of hours of fun for myself and my friends who would play it. The ability to go through a procedurally generated map while shooting Grineer platoons in a Defense or slashing apart an Infested swarm in a survival mission has produced unlimited amounts of fun. The game gives the player an ultimate suit of armor which grants them unimaginable power as they run, jump, slide, kick, shoot, grapple, punch, stab, and slash at enemies who give the player an actual challenge. The content is even more extrordinary as it is updated very often and is largely influenced by the community. Thus every player has a direct voice in what they want the developers to put in next. Thus for a game overflowing with action, adventure, community, and a sheer uniqueness not commonly found in the typical selection of modern games, Warframe should definitely be on the consumer's list! Did I also mention that it is free?
game-hours: 204.9
review: Really good game worth the time for the beginners I enjoyed this game for around three weeks before getting bored of it
game-hours: 780.9
review: I have well over 700 hours of gameplay and rising, this game is very fun and can be very addicting. It has its ups and downs, but first I'll go over the ups. An obvious up is that its free to play, so you can try it out and if it doesnt fit you're gaming style then just uninstall. With it being free to play theres obviously going to be microtransactions, but let me asure you that there is nothing in warframe you cant get (including nearlly all cosmetics), even if you dont put a dime into the game. I havnt payed any money at all and I have some of the best gear, and a hand full of the cosmetic items. This is due to the fact you can trade in game items for microtransaction currency (for warframe its called "platnium"). As far as game graphics, they are amazing, not far cry 4 graphics, but definitely one of the best free to play game graphics I'v seen. Dont let that discourage you if you dont have a high end gaming computer, the game is suprising very optimized, and the devs work to improve it even more. The gunplay is as great, with a third person run and gun parkour style. Aside from guns there are also tons of melee weapons that are just as strong, not just a last resort if you run out of ammo. The depth of melee combat is amazing, collect different melee stances as you progress to match you're play style. Perform combos with the different stances, to cut down you're enemies. And one of the best things about warframe is the devs. The devs are super active and constantly pumping out content as well as streaming on a weekly bases. Their passion for the game is like none other. Ok, so the bad things about warframe. Repetition, this has been a problem for the game for quite some time, and the devs are doing alot to fix this. After playing for as long as someone like me or even far less, warframe will feel like a chore. This can obviously be prevented by playing with freinds or doing unconventional mission play styles, but can still get kind of dull. This is something the devs are taking alot more seriously and they have talked about various ways to improve this. I personally think that the devs can acomplish something to ease or fix this. The second thing bad about warframe is timed events. So what I mean by this is events that offer special prizes like guns, melee weapons, or mods (mods are items that you put into you're character to give them better stats or abilites, each mod has a unique buff), will only come once, and if not will come much later in the year. Meaning if there is a gun, melee or mod that you really want, but wasnt there during the event, you can't get it, unless its tradable, in which case you can trade for with other players. Over all I love this game and I love the devs, they work hard to deliver a great game and it is definitely one of my favorite free to plays. If you're still sceptical then just give it a try and see for yourself.
game-hours: 485.5
review: Coolest Sci-fi shooter I ever played.
game-hours: 476.5
review: Honestly, this is one of the best game s I've played a LONG TIME! On any normal day I probably wouldn't like this game, because it looks confusing and complicated. But! This game does a good job describing it and you will get used to thew controls in a heartbeat. All around it is a verry good game!
game-hours: 444.6
review: DIs is 4 nu plaiers. ok if u think dat de game is boring bicus its 2 slow bui plat.:)
game-hours: 351.4
review: Ninja
game-hours: 621.3
review: epic game
game-hours: 69.4
review: Good Game, definitely recommended. Love the varience in warframes abilities and the vast amount of weapons.
game-hours: 473.2
review: 10/10 much waiting but anyway it's a good game :)
game-hours: 79.6
review: One Of The Best PC Games I Have Played, As Long As You Know What Your Doing.
game-hours: 27.8
review: Pretty fun game to play with friends!
game-hours: 563.4
review: One of the must fair f2p games out there with pve content.
game-hours: 184.6
review: Being one of over 20 space ninjas is the thing.
game-hours: 519.3
review: RECIEVING TRANSMISSION FROM DAVID BOWIE'S NIPPLE ANTENNAE Transmission reads: WARFRAME MORE LIKE WARFARM HAHAHAHAHA oh god I have too much  in this game.
game-hours: 1128.4
review: SWEET SPACE NINJA MADNESS FOR ALL!
game-hours: 10.7
review: It was okay, but it gets repetitive after just a few missions.
game-hours: 255.6
review: You are a space ninja. Why aren't you downloading this yet?
game-hours: 53.4
review: They've truly re-invented the wheel with this one.
game-hours: 501.3
review: Enjoyed this game so much and spent a ton of hours on it.
game-hours: 276.9
review: Warframe, a Third Person Shooter set in a futuristic style. Join me and hop into a "Warframe", its time to explore. From an ancient slumber you awaken, a slumber that would only be undone by a threat wich plagues the planets and solar systems. The Grineer have come to take you, it is time to do what you are supposed to do, save everything. Warframe is (again) a Third Person Shooter set in a futuristic style, you are able to control these solid and strong husks known as "Warframes", they range from Tanks who take a lot of damage to the more stealthy types, allowing you to complete missions without being seen. Warframe has you take on allot of farming at all times as to create Weapons, Sentinels who act as your companion and fight allongside you or even new Warframes. Weapons vary greatly, from low magazine count Twin Vipers with a fast fire rate and reload speed to Bows and Assault Rifles. There is always a weapon that will interest you, be it a sniper to fire from afar or a bow to get those silent kills. Sentinels are a great addition to the game, each equipped with their own Weapon. From poison darts to a fully automatic assault rifle. They also add a more in depth part of Warframe, each they come with various abilities, for example : Carrier has the ability to pickup loot within a specific radius of you. Whereas Deathcube will Vaporize enemies. Warframes are ofcourse the husks you control, ranging from Tanks like Rhino who has massive amounts of stomping power to the more silent Warframe like Ash. There is a Warframe for each style of play, so you'll be sure to find a Warframe to your liking. The enemies : - Grineer - Corpus - Infested The Grineer : The Grineer are an advanced race using weapons like Assault Rifles, Machine Guns, Cleavers and anything that would use normal bullets or slash through flesh. The Corpus : The Corpus are an even more advanced race that use weapons which work on energy like the Flux Rifle and their Electrified Batons. The Infested : The Infested as the name says are infected beings whom are mutated, they range from exploding enemies (Kamikazes), Ancient whom can heal their allies and infested dogs whom are fast with a strong attack. Each enemy has their own weakness leading to some interesting encounters, with "Boss" enemies that have been put into the game whom have the ability to shield themselves with ice to a fire blast knocking you back. The Farming : Warframe imo seems to be the game which you'd love to play if you enjoy some fun sessions in farming for resources. Each planet comes with its own resources, one better then the other. All in all, Warframe is a great game. Its something you won't find everyday and is defenitly worth it to take a look at and playing it. Warframe will be the game for you if you enjoy the joys of farming wich come with interesting missions, special bosses for each faction and the joy of brutally murdering enemies in various ways with the different Warframes abilities.
game-hours: 23.3
review: this game has come a long way since the begining
game-hours: 637.8
review: It's like Peter Pan, but it's different
game-hours: 1022.5
review: how can it get better than interchangeable synth bodies that you parkour through dispatching various hostiles? join in and see if you can wallrun with this old man...
game-hours: 473.2
review: 10/10 much waiting but anyway it's a good game :)
game-hours: 993.6
review: I have seen the word great used in reviews here a lot. And it is fitting. I would say overall great. I have not been a gamer for too long, have a nice library of games going thanks to Steam sales. And this game has the best fanbase I have seen. Got some high level players that help me out and I never even seeked out any assistance. There is one thing I have learned in life .. never turn down help. Become a Tenno it's fun. Be warned though it can be highly addictive. I'm hooked hard.
game-hours: 105.0
review: Great f2p that u can be better than another just playing , without barriers like another games that if u use cash u could be a God. Great Graphics and sounds , fast commands , nice customization , great variety of weapons . I've played since the beta and the bugs almost don't exist anymore , each update with news and fix for the game that make it fantastic. The most perfect F2P ever .
game-hours: 757.2
review: Warframe's concept, when presented to the normal person, would seem unusual or unappealing. This can be forgiven since the concept is space ninjas on a solar mission of fighting giant brutes and strange merchantmen whilst holding back the invading forces of a mysterious infestation. Yet this game has proven to be hundreds of hours of fun for myself and my friends who would play it. The ability to go through a procedurally generated map while shooting Grineer platoons in a Defense or slashing apart an Infested swarm in a survival mission has produced unlimited amounts of fun. The game gives the player an ultimate suit of armor which grants them unimaginable power as they run, jump, slide, kick, shoot, grapple, punch, stab, and slash at enemies who give the player an actual challenge. The content is even more extrordinary as it is updated very often and is largely influenced by the community. Thus every player has a direct voice in what they want the developers to put in next. Thus for a game overflowing with action, adventure, community, and a sheer uniqueness not commonly found in the typical selection of modern games, Warframe should definitely be on the consumer's list! Did I also mention that it is free?
game-hours: 204.9
review: Really good game worth the time for the beginners I enjoyed this game for around three weeks before getting bored of it
game-hours: 780.9
review: I have well over 700 hours of gameplay and rising, this game is very fun and can be very addicting. It has its ups and downs, but first I'll go over the ups. An obvious up is that its free to play, so you can try it out and if it doesnt fit you're gaming style then just uninstall. With it being free to play theres obviously going to be microtransactions, but let me asure you that there is nothing in warframe you cant get (including nearlly all cosmetics), even if you dont put a dime into the game. I havnt payed any money at all and I have some of the best gear, and a hand full of the cosmetic items. This is due to the fact you can trade in game items for microtransaction currency (for warframe its called "platnium"). As far as game graphics, they are amazing, not far cry 4 graphics, but definitely one of the best free to play game graphics I'v seen. Dont let that discourage you if you dont have a high end gaming computer, the game is suprising very optimized, and the devs work to improve it even more. The gunplay is as great, with a third person run and gun parkour style. Aside from guns there are also tons of melee weapons that are just as strong, not just a last resort if you run out of ammo. The depth of melee combat is amazing, collect different melee stances as you progress to match you're play style. Perform combos with the different stances, to cut down you're enemies. And one of the best things about warframe is the devs. The devs are super active and constantly pumping out content as well as streaming on a weekly bases. Their passion for the game is like none other. Ok, so the bad things about warframe. Repetition, this has been a problem for the game for quite some time, and the devs are doing alot to fix this. After playing for as long as someone like me or even far less, warframe will feel like a chore. This can obviously be prevented by playing with freinds or doing unconventional mission play styles, but can still get kind of dull. This is something the devs are taking alot more seriously and they have talked about various ways to improve this. I personally think that the devs can acomplish something to ease or fix this. The second thing bad about warframe is timed events. So what I mean by this is events that offer special prizes like guns, melee weapons, or mods (mods are items that you put into you're character to give them better stats or abilites, each mod has a unique buff), will only come once, and if not will come much later in the year. Meaning if there is a gun, melee or mod that you really want, but wasnt there during the event, you can't get it, unless its tradable, in which case you can trade for with other players. Over all I love this game and I love the devs, they work hard to deliver a great game and it is definitely one of my favorite free to plays. If you're still sceptical then just give it a try and see for yourself.
game-hours: 380.2
review: Day Juan: OOhh this game looks interesting. Day To: Man this is fun. Day 3: That gun looks awesome, i should get it. Day 4: I suck at this game, BREAK TIME! TIME WARP Month 7: Just look at me. I have 2 prime Warframes, 6 Prime Weapons, a dog, have no life, and pretty much no one wants to play with me. Man this is great. Year 2: Im the highest rank, have all the best weapons, all the best Warframes, i feel dead inside. Living the good life. Year 2 1/2: *Computer breaks, explodes and is never to be seen again. Commits suicide minutes later* 10/10 best game to the year. Not really since its 2015. Whatever. I love this game. Go download it. Its worth it. At times. Lol. :D
game-hours: 553.5
review: Balls deep. Like it. -In asian voice- If you be Space Ninja, you play this or you not my son!
game-hours: 686.1
review: It's been almost two years since I first played Warframe, andI thought I'd update my review considering how much the game has changed (mostly for the better). The core philosophy of being a magic space ninja and juggling melee attacks, ranged combat, and special abilities still makes up the core of the game. While none of these aspects are particularly brilliant on their own, combined, they greate some seriously entertaining emergent gameplay. Switching between these forms of combat adds in a lot of variety and helps keep things fresh even hundreds of hours in game. More advanced players can perform manuvers like zorencoptering (while sprinting, jump, then crouch, and use a melee attack) to gain extra mobility. The game's arsenal has also become much more interesting as Digital Extremes has rounded out the arsenal by continously adding in exotic weapons. We have unique guns including: a tentacle shotgun,a freeze ray,a flak cannon, a wrist-mounted laser beam, and more. Messing around with all of the weapons and discovering which ones you enjoy playing with is always fun. The game now has over 20 different warframes (classes), allowing you to play pretty much any role you want from a melee berserker to a stealthy assassin. Thanks to some great visual design, pretty much all of the warframes are fun to play as, and discovering which one suits your playstyle best is a great experience (<3 Rhino). The overall aesthetic of the game is quite striking as well. All of the frames have their own unique visual flair (the paladin Oberon has a long slender body with very natural deer-like look) combined with some nice Japanese and Sci-Fi flair. Even 500 hours in, the game is still incredible to look at. The soundtrack and audio design are great, especially if you're into "pew-pew" Sci-Fi sound effects, although many of the abilities sound quite powerful. That being said, you will probably want to play your own music after a couple of dozen hours into the game, since the soundtrack does tend to repeat itself. Now, let's talk about one of the game's biggest strengths and weaknesses: the grind. Like Diablo or Destiny, Warframe is a game all about grind. You grind resources to craft weapons, grind resources to level up mods, grind planets to obtain frame/weapon drops, etc. For the most part, the grind is reasonable and rather enjoyable due to the strength of the game's combat. Even hundreds of hours into the game, I still had a blast zipping around the maps and picking off enemies with my insanely specced out weapons and warframes. However, at times, the grind can be overwhelming as you try to unlock that one specific part that you need to complete a warframe or a gun, only to get something completely useless instead. Also, ranking up level 10 mods can be an extreme chore. To this day, I do not have any rank 10 mods on me. That being said, the grind never feels too overwhelming like in other F2P games I've played before, and paying to circumvent the grind really isn't necessary in Warframe. Another one of my complaints concerns the massive power creep in Warframe. Since DE churns out so much content in such a quick amount of time, many of the warframes weapons will be either extremely weak or extremely powerful, to the point where several hotfixes are needed to get them to a decent shape (assuming they are patched). For example, Sniper Rifles are worse than bows in most cases, shotguns suffer from heavy damage falloff and long reloads, and frames that don't offer utility (such as crowd control, healing, buffs, etc) and focus on dealing raw ability damage suffer greatly. The game definitely needs a large balance patch to work out these issues. My third complaint is that Warframe doesn't seem to be going towards one direction. DE is focused so much on adding new content haphazardly, that it's difficult to see where the game is going. To this day, there is no campaign, only a handful of small quests. There is no real endgame, as it mostly consists of endless mission types. I have to wonder if we're ever going to get more meaningful content as the current mission types feel all the same: (kill a bunch of enemies but with specific conditions, such as capturing a target, rescuing a hostage, etc.). Plus, mission objectives rarely vary, so if you've played one extermination mission, you've played them all, and the same with the other mission types. Finally, the game does an awful job of explaining itself. Even with the new tutorial, the game does not explain all of its mechanics properly and throws new players into the open with little advice. Consulting the game's wiki or recruiting/region chat will make the experience for new players a much more enjoyable one. So despite all of my complaining, I enjoy Warframe quite a bit. At the end of the day, it's a fun game that has a great variety in content and allows players to pretty much choose how they play and set their own pace. It's a very fair F2P game, so there's little reason to not give it a shot. tl;dr + good aesthetic + fun combat + weapon and class diversity + mostly fun grinding + very generous F2P model - grind can be overwhelming at times - power creep - lack of story content and end game. - mission types feel very similar. - poorly explains itself
game-hours: 2113.5
review: ~*~TO ANYONE WHO HAS PLAYED MASS EFFECT 3's MULTIPLAYER MODE IN THE PAST ~*~ I have to say this is what I wish Mass effect's Multiplayer mode would've been like. In Mass Effect you had your specific races, in Waframe you kinda play as one race the whole time -BUT- each "Tenno" has their own specific abilities and perks to help you get the edge over countless enemies thrown at you, and really helps make you feel like a total badass. You can even further enhance your Warframes with the "Mods" that are dropped from enemies as you complete missions from planet-to-planet. These mods can help with consuming less energy so you can use powers helluva lot more frequently, or make the effects last longer, more powerful, and add so many ways to change your preffered playstyles offering so much replayability, ESPECIALLY WITH FRIENDS! Remember all those times when you weren't able to jump in Mass Effect and instead only givng the option to jump down a certain ledge while getting chased by hordes of Banshees, Phantoms, & Collectors? Well in Warframe you can go all Parkour! Wall running across huge gaps to evade enemy fire, wall jumping to reach higher/secret rooms, the amount of places to use parkour is astounding if you use your imagination and experiment. I could go on & on about the added features and content they've added over the course of its life (Which is still considered in BETA by the way!), but overall I think this was the game I've been longing for and I really enjoyed my time with the ME3's Multiplayer experience myself which definitely left me feeling hungy for a more enjoyable Co-op game like Warframe has provided for me. Did I forget to mention this thing is Free-to-play? Give it a spin and you might just find yourself spending TOO much of your time in this game. XD
game-hours: 119.0
review: good game played for about 3 hours without stopping O.O
game-hours: 27.8
review: GAY
game-hours: 547.0
review: Let's go ahead and describe Warframe's plot in the most simplest form: You're a ninja. In space. Ok, review's over go home. Wait, you're still reading this? Alright, fine, let's keep it going. Frames at War is a third-person action shooter space ninja simulator where you and up to three other players test your mettle against three woefully unprepared factions: The Space Merchants, Heavy Metal Russians and the Zerg. You battle through waves upon waves of commuters on their way to work/home to provide for/see their families and slice/blast/shoot them to little pieces in your magical superman/woman body suit with your crazy monofilamentvibrobladeanthrax dispensers, which you can purchase blueprints for OR you can find parts in Goldfinger's space palaces to create blinged out versions of them. Speaking of blinged out things, this game is Free to Play, but actually done well. You can almost get ANYTHING in this game without spending ANY money at all and not feel jaded at the massive time you've wasted doing so. That is, until you want to feel special and buy a buttload of cosmetics. At that point, you can either blow money on Platinum or have some other dumb sucker do the same to buy junk from you in the trade channel. What I take away from the whole experience is that you're a monster who hurts people for fun and profit. I really like this game.
game-hours: 26.1
review: That is good
game-hours: 17.9
review: holy supercalifragilisticexpialidoshus, this game is so fricking fun!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 395.8
review: I came for the ninjas, I stayed for the grind.
game-hours: 1.9
review: Ninja's. Customization. Explostions. Aliens. Welp, I'm about to waste my life forever.
game-hours: 64.1
review: WAIT!? THIS ISNT DESTINY?! 69/69 L33t PLey Doodues
game-hours: 1184.5
review: Its a 3rd person action/shooter with a fair emphasis on the grind. A lot of ppl will be put off by the rng nature of some of the items that you have to farm but at the same time if you go into this with a few friends the game can be extremely fun. Keep in mind I'm also a huge fan of monster hunter so my opinion is a tad bias in that regards. The cash shop isnt game breaking and it gives ppl without a lot of time on their hands a chance to keep up with those that play this game too much. All in all if you enjoy 3rd person action games I would recommend that you look into this one, just keep in mind that to get to a lot of the "end game" stuff you're either going to pay for it or invest a fair amt of time into it.
game-hours: 777.7
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 1577.2
review: Lots of shooting(bullet, laser,...). Great action!
game-hours: 1285.4
review: Do i recommend this game? Hell yeah i do. Great combat and movement. large selection of weapons and characters (frames) to build and/or buy. NO PAY TO WIN, Everything is obtainable from playing the game. though you can pay to skip and just have the items.. wheres the fun in that? Great Co oP game for 4players, lots of things to progress towards keeping you busy for hundreds of hours. THE VERY BEST SUPPORT OF ANY GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED.... Any problems are VERY quickly patched out unlike alot of devs taking weeks to fix something they mess up these guys generally sort it in mins/hours sometimes a day or so and support tickets are always answered. for a free game... there isnt a better choice at the moment.
game-hours: 1363.5
review: I can highly recommend this game to people who like third person shooters. It is a freerun (very good movement to get quickly around the maps), cop ninja space hack'n slash shooter. It has many different area's and in each area it generates a new order of chambers to make the completion run slightly different every time. Also it's free to play so why wouldn't you try it out? the PvP isn't really great, but it is mostly a cop PvE game anyway. This game is much about farming resources and bleuprints for new equipment, weapons and suits/characters. There is a trading system in game to make getting the prime bleu prints easier. You can ofcourse spend money on additional stuff (it isn't a pay to win game). That isn't necesarry to do so, by using trading you can get even those items anyway but it'll take way longer ofc. I played this game for more then 1120 hours and i never spend any real money on it. If you become really good in playing and speeding trough missions, it can become kind of a bore and annoyance to drag noob players across the map, if I play a non t4 mission with players that are not on my friend list, 99% of the games I play will result in me having done more 90% of all damage and me waiting at a door that needs 2 players to open.... Also there is not really much of an end game and if you want to play this game for melee mostly then don't, it's a shooter, at the point of writing this review melee is obsolete even for characters that are based around melee. Conlusion: It's good and free, by far my most played game on steam.
game-hours: 315.5
review: I figured I ought to review this dynasty space ninjas of hellgate london. It's pretty good! For what you get at any rate. I've spent about twenty dollars into this game by now and I can honestly say I don't feel like it's been wasted time! It's a pretty grand game all things considered, it's simple, easy to get into, and the controls don't usually make me feel like a blind man groping for spilled change. At any rate, it's grindy, boring at times, but it's worth the occasional jump into for a purely cooperative experience. Don't you miss that? When games were purely Co-Op, or had a Co-Op focus? I miss that. What a shame.
game-hours: 184.6
review: Being one of over 20 space ninjas is the thing.
game-hours: 519.3
review: RECIEVING TRANSMISSION FROM DAVID BOWIE'S NIPPLE ANTENNAE Transmission reads: WARFRAME MORE LIKE WARFARM HAHAHAHAHA oh god I have too much  in this game.
game-hours: 1128.4
review: SWEET SPACE NINJA MADNESS FOR ALL!
game-hours: 483.6
review: Among the best Free to Play games ever. Best grinding-game since Diablo 2, imo. ^^
game-hours: 14.6
review: You can rush you can stealth you can get glitched and then you are stuck but IT'S FREE!!
game-hours: 1203.5
review: Lunchbox memelords, bubbly-armored butterfaces, silver potatoes, mushroom dogs, and grinding like NEPTUNE's early days.
game-hours: 650.2
review: addictive game .. love it
game-hours: 1160.1
review: Takes some investment to get into it, but when you do; the ride never ends. Great game.
game-hours: 1038.9
review: This game is somewhat interesting to recommend for a few reasons, but first the positives. The game itself is fun and is also an interesting consept for a F2P game, although rather repetitive after a while. The combat itself is above average, having you equiped with a primary, secondary and melee with a large amount of choice for each catagory. The movement system is what will be most interesting for new players, as i cannot see any reason why Doing a wall run, Gound slaming on a tough enemy then going into a slide and killing another enemy with kunai whist sliding past him wouldn't be entertaining. Now onto the negative aspect of this game, the 10 Km high barrier for new players that is *Drum roll here* Crafting and Farming. Despite the game puts you in a MUCH better position at the start that it did previously, the barrier is still there. A lot of the weapons that are good to begin with either require unknown and unobtainable reasources for a new player or be locked away from you untill you build the weapons that may as well require literal unobtainium for a new player, however, if you can find a group of people to play with you will have a MUCH more enjoyable and easier time playing. The crafting also uses a automated "This will be finished in..." sort of system, and some of the wait times are somewhat crazy, the worst being 3 days for a warframe, which needs you to build all 3 of it's parts first, with a minimum time of 12 hours if all 3 are crafted at once, So be prepared to wait, and brutaly maim someone with an axe while you wait. Over all the game does a good job of what it does, and that is to provide hours of play time to build and upgrade a set of weapons so they become powerful enough to kill the entire population of a country in a few minuites, but remember, if you get this game, you will learn to farm. Or get eaten by crazy rabid space dogs, your choice really.
game-hours: 608.5
review: Warframe is a very unique shooter, especially for a free-to-play game. Overall the game is solid and a lot of fun with its own unique style. Combat is smooth and fluid, and gameplay is overall a lot of fun, but repetative. There's only a few different basic game modes, but the game isn't about the objective or game modes; it's about running around slaughtering your foes with a large variety of weapons. Perhpas one of the games biggest features is the acrobatics feature. In the game you're a super space ninja, so you can run on walls, flying kick, and slide your way around the battlefield. You can run in guns blazing, sneak around the back way, snipe from aways away with a bow, and so on and so on; the game really shines in its way of dropping each encounter into your hands and you and your party figuring out a fun and unique way of dealing with it. Sure, you can treat this like a normal shooter and hide behind cover, but why would you do that when you can karate kick your way through the endless legion of space communists, or get into plasma kung-foo sword fights with their commanders? Ontop of this each warframe, the powersuits and effectively the class system of the game, plays completely different from the next one. Even the starter 3 warframes to choose from play completely different from each other, each with their own special role to fill in a party, adding for even more game variety. There's the Mag, the crowd control, the Excalibur, the swords expert, and the Loki, the stealth specialist for the cunning type, and these are only the 3 base warframes out of all of the many they offer. As I said before, no warframe plays like the next, so as you collect new suits it adds even more variety into the game. While the gameplay is incredible, there are the flaws. I mentioned before the repetition of the game, and this is because the game does the Diablo style level generator, where every level is randomly generated from a selection of room tiles. While the majority planets in the game has it's own set of tiles, be it the cyber-punk factories of Jupiter or the overran forests of earth, by the end of each planet you'll of seen each room a few dozen times each. On top of this, there is a lot of grind in the game, but the good kind of grind. There are two kinds of grind: there's the Borderlands 2/Diablo III post-game grind where you farm a boss for 6 hours to hopefully get a rare drop, then there's the World of Warcraft/Runescape grind where you set a goal in your mind and you slowly work for it until you achieve it, making slow but steady progress, and when you finally achieve your goal it was more than worth the grind. Warframe includes the second kind of grind. To get new weapons, warframes, or really anything you have to buy the blueprint and gather the reasources to build whatever it is you want, and even then once you build something you have to wait a decent amount of time for it to complete. A few days for a new warframe, 12-24 hours for a new weapons, etc., etc. But, of course if you don't want to wait, or even gather the reasources, you can spend real money to buy it on the spot, with no waiting time. The cost of new weapons and warframes is relatively cheap, but the costs will slowly add up if you don't want to grind. Personally, growing up primarily playing MMO's I actually find pleasure in the grind, especially because each game is unique and each encounter is a new way to creatively dispatch your enemies. On top of this, you cannot buy the best gear in the game. It's one thing to spend $60 and get all of the best items in the store, but even the best items have a better counterpart to them, known as "prime" items. The only way to get these items it to collect the blueprints and parts from the harder missions in the game, requiring a lot of skill. Another thing the game lacks in is story. The story is unique and different, but basic and could really use on improvement and detail. You play as a Tenno, a variation of one of the now 3 evolutionary paths human who's effectivley a superhuman ninja and is assisted with his or her superhuman power suit, known as a Warframe. Long ago when humans discovered star-flight humanity split into 3 faction: the Grineer, the Corpus, and the Tenno. The Grineer and Corpus have been fighting since the day they were formed, and the Tenno sort of flail under them. The Tenno, being the most technologically advanced went to deep space and froze themselves in cryo sleep so the Corpus and Grineer can fight, but one day the Grineer find the resting place of the Tenno and you, the player, is woken up by Lotus (the leader of the Tenno) to now fight in the intergalactic war. Oh and there's this race of creatures called The Infected that are basically Nekromorphs and The Flood put into one, but they play a suprisingly minor role in the lore. That's really it. It does go a little further in depth in the datalogs, and the story is only ever hinted at durring missions by Lotus. Now, note I said "story," and not "universe." The universe/world of Warframe amazing. In the description of the game it says "...set in an evolving sci-fi world," and this is very true. Certain missions of the game have the players hired by the warring factions as mercenaries to help fight for them, and depending on which faction wins the specific conflict changes which faction then resigns on that planet. This, and the fact that the developers are constantly working to bring the game new content makes for a very expansive world and brings a very immersive feeling to gameplay. It really feels like you're in a Warframe, infultrating enemy ships and running around the battlefields. All-in-all I give this game a recomendation, but in two seperate ways: If you're an MMO player I highly recomend this game, for you'll find the most joy out of it. Or, if you're not one for MMOs I recomend getting this game, but dropping the "free to play" label off and spending $20-$60 on a few Warframes and weapons. I give this game an 8/10 where it's at right now, but this game (as of writing this review) is still in beta and still has a lot of room to improve.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Good game simple shooter like COD series
game-hours: 119.0
review: good game played for about 3 hours without stopping O.O
game-hours: 27.8
review: GAY
game-hours: 547.0
review: Let's go ahead and describe Warframe's plot in the most simplest form: You're a ninja. In space. Ok, review's over go home. Wait, you're still reading this? Alright, fine, let's keep it going. Frames at War is a third-person action shooter space ninja simulator where you and up to three other players test your mettle against three woefully unprepared factions: The Space Merchants, Heavy Metal Russians and the Zerg. You battle through waves upon waves of commuters on their way to work/home to provide for/see their families and slice/blast/shoot them to little pieces in your magical superman/woman body suit with your crazy monofilamentvibrobladeanthrax dispensers, which you can purchase blueprints for OR you can find parts in Goldfinger's space palaces to create blinged out versions of them. Speaking of blinged out things, this game is Free to Play, but actually done well. You can almost get ANYTHING in this game without spending ANY money at all and not feel jaded at the massive time you've wasted doing so. That is, until you want to feel special and buy a buttload of cosmetics. At that point, you can either blow money on Platinum or have some other dumb sucker do the same to buy junk from you in the trade channel. What I take away from the whole experience is that you're a monster who hurts people for fun and profit. I really like this game.
game-hours: 26.1
review: That is good
game-hours: 17.9
review: holy supercalifragilisticexpialidoshus, this game is so fricking fun!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 25.8
review: One of the best F2P games on steam
game-hours: 511.0
review: Warframe a really great third person shooter game. Developers are always providing with new content and regular updates. The community of this game can be said to be very large compared to other free to play games that are availabe through steam. Can be enjpyed Solo but of course playing with friends and messing around is always a lot of fun. This is not a pay to win kinda free to play game. Purcahsable Currency is an option, everything in the game is obtainable by all players with the in game currency. However, grinding would be a thing in the game. If you enjoy a hack and slash game this would be one of it.
game-hours: 2.6
review: Yes I do own Warframe and I am ASHAMED to admit it!
game-hours: 57.7
review: it may have repitive gameplay elements its still fun to play especially with friends. It may have pay to win elements, but you can still be the very best with out paying though it may take longer. overall its a game to give it a try if you got no other mmo shooter to play. Another thing YOU ARE A NINJA. 10/10
game-hours: 26.3
review: WOW that just a cool game :D I am recommned to all play that fun game play like aline and kill other alines Cool and Epic Do mission upgrade your rank,trade,change warframe, duel whit firends and change spaceship skin :3 WarFrame had a good update so download it and play it whit your firneds its becomes to be more fun then the past. and what more i can to say just PLAY ON IT XD
game-hours: 2.6
review: It's a nice game but not for along time, gettin' borred pretty fast becuase of similar content everywhere, nothing new on the field..
game-hours: 27.3
review: Grind, Grind, Grind more!
game-hours: 296.2
review: Warframe is a game that is free to play, but no payment is ever really nessicary. I've actually only played the game for 100 hours, and I'm in end game tier equipment. The game is always open, and though uninteresesting at first, once you get some friends to play with, and talk to the game is a blast. Don't get me wrong, the game is a blast without your friends, but in a co-op game, friends is always the best way to go. The game has missions, about 20 per planet/moons. There are about 20 of these moons, along with random levels called "alerts", and "invaisons". There are 6 or 7 mission types. The levels are randomly generated, but the type will always be the same for the mission you selected. I've never seen the same level twice, though they will pretty much always have the same aethetic. These mission types really make each mission unique. Extermination is where you need to kill all the enemies in a level. Defense is like horde mode, but you're defending a certain artifact. You have the option to extract every 5 waves, with loot getting better, but enemies getting harder every wave and the potential to lose everything you're already earned. Moble defense is kind of like defense, but rather than wave based, it's time based with you having to take a core around to different static posts. This is the worst type of mission. Survival is a time based mission where you must survive (duh) as long as possible. The enemy will cut your life support at the start of the mission, so you must get life support dropped from Lotus. Extration is where you must mine cyotic, a special ore ice thing, used to freeze luxury Marsian Jellyfish (I wish I was joking). The game is always intense action, there's always something to do, and that's why it's so fun. Though Earth, and eventually Mercury are kind of boring, but once you get out of there, the game gets so good, it's unimagible. A great experiance, deserved to be played by everyone, with frequent patches, and constant attention. PLAY THIS GAME!!!
game-hours: 276.9
review: Warframe, a Third Person Shooter set in a futuristic style. Join me and hop into a "Warframe", its time to explore. From an ancient slumber you awaken, a slumber that would only be undone by a threat wich plagues the planets and solar systems. The Grineer have come to take you, it is time to do what you are supposed to do, save everything. Warframe is (again) a Third Person Shooter set in a futuristic style, you are able to control these solid and strong husks known as "Warframes", they range from Tanks who take a lot of damage to the more stealthy types, allowing you to complete missions without being seen. Warframe has you take on allot of farming at all times as to create Weapons, Sentinels who act as your companion and fight allongside you or even new Warframes. Weapons vary greatly, from low magazine count Twin Vipers with a fast fire rate and reload speed to Bows and Assault Rifles. There is always a weapon that will interest you, be it a sniper to fire from afar or a bow to get those silent kills. Sentinels are a great addition to the game, each equipped with their own Weapon. From poison darts to a fully automatic assault rifle. They also add a more in depth part of Warframe, each they come with various abilities, for example : Carrier has the ability to pickup loot within a specific radius of you. Whereas Deathcube will Vaporize enemies. Warframes are ofcourse the husks you control, ranging from Tanks like Rhino who has massive amounts of stomping power to the more silent Warframe like Ash. There is a Warframe for each style of play, so you'll be sure to find a Warframe to your liking. The enemies : - Grineer - Corpus - Infested The Grineer : The Grineer are an advanced race using weapons like Assault Rifles, Machine Guns, Cleavers and anything that would use normal bullets or slash through flesh. The Corpus : The Corpus are an even more advanced race that use weapons which work on energy like the Flux Rifle and their Electrified Batons. The Infested : The Infested as the name says are infected beings whom are mutated, they range from exploding enemies (Kamikazes), Ancient whom can heal their allies and infested dogs whom are fast with a strong attack. Each enemy has their own weakness leading to some interesting encounters, with "Boss" enemies that have been put into the game whom have the ability to shield themselves with ice to a fire blast knocking you back. The Farming : Warframe imo seems to be the game which you'd love to play if you enjoy some fun sessions in farming for resources. Each planet comes with its own resources, one better then the other. All in all, Warframe is a great game. Its something you won't find everyday and is defenitly worth it to take a look at and playing it. Warframe will be the game for you if you enjoy the joys of farming wich come with interesting missions, special bosses for each faction and the joy of brutally murdering enemies in various ways with the different Warframes abilities.
game-hours: 23.3
review: this game has come a long way since the begining
game-hours: 139.4
review: Great game with a great concept, i thought this is another p2w space game, but you don't really need to buy stuff with your real money, you can sell your in game item to all rich  people and buy an item from poor  people, trading is everthing, and buy every premium item on game with your own enterprise 9/10, This game ruin my life
game-hours: 943.8
review: If you and your mates want some fast paced co-op action, tons of loadout options, lots of character options, smooth gameplay, great visuals, customizations up the wazoo. Here is your ticket for all that entertainment! This ever-expanding 3rd person shooter can provide countless hours of carnage, and a sick collection of characters and weapons that can be upgraded and modified to suit your gameplay styles. Solo is good.. Co-op is fantastic! I'd like to see more developers take a page from this book in regards to making Co-op more exciting. The PVP in the game could use a little work and expansion (fort captures and capture the flag). The biggest critisisms I could offer are that this game could use MORE and BIGGER boss battles. And a little bit of AI improvements on various enemies. Throw in a few more types of battle formats.. (like arena fights for instance) maybe a little vehicle warfare... (space ninjas on hoverbikes would be the bee's knees).. the current maps that are playable in the game make for good "instances" but a more open world approach would help bring more gamers to the scene without question.
game-hours: 649.0
review: Played it a bit. Somewhat enjoyable. Only play on a good connection.
game-hours: 730.5
review: Very in depth F2P game. Feels like a high speed version of Mass Effect 3 multiplayer with map exploration. The story is not very well developed however you have a general idea what the plot line is. What really shines is the game play, gun action, sword action, and character/player actions are all really nice. The graphics look very good, smooth framerate, and I haven't spent a single dime to play this game. Without spending a single dollar you have access to 10+ characters and well over 75+ different weapons, just need the components provided by missions to build them all. I would recommend everyone give it a few hours of your time, it is a fun and expansive game now and will only get better as more updates/content keep getting added.
game-hours: 7.4
review: came because of katana stayed because of dark spaceships
game-hours: 379.4
review: Great game. Many hours of fun are to be had. Ranking is a bit of a chore for some things but the boosters which, in the market say 80 plat, can be purchasable for 40 plat for 3 days, which is actually -very- worth it. Game can be a bit buggy sometimes, especially when a new numbered update comes out (14.0, 15.0 etc) but they get ironed out. Plus, if you're an Unreal Tournament fan, Digital Extremes helped creating those games and put some easter eggs in the game, like the Bio Rifle (Stug,) Ripper (Miter,) Flak Cannon (Drakgoon)
game-hours: 1010.7
review: To kill time, 10/10 would play. It's only fun if you play with friends you trust and know. But if you're tolerant to others, that's fine as well. Solo's also good but happiness would always be short-lived in this game. Also a good game to screw around~
game-hours: 426.9
review: Space ninjas with guns... how can that be bad?
game-hours: 516.3
review: Valkyr has the best .
game-hours: 653.6
review: This game brings many new ideas and exciting, co-op play extremely interesting,
game-hours: 599.5
review: Rhino, nuf said
game-hours: 34.4
review: I find Warframe very fun and even though you can buy weapons and tennos with the use of real cash, you can still play the game using default weapons but I hate the limit of colours for customizing your character. Past that I do find the game very enjoyable and if your PC can handle high graphical settings then switch it to high its a beautiful looking game
game-hours: 252.2
review: Good Grimy Game, Great for Grindy players Also, Good with friends - make a clan, settle down, and Destroy all the Grineer/Corpus/Infested/Corrupted! 9/10 will kill again
game-hours: 516.3
review: Valkyr has the best .
game-hours: 653.6
review: This game brings many new ideas and exciting, co-op play extremely interesting,
game-hours: 1346.6
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 242.2
review: IT'S BUTIFUL-LY AMAZING
game-hours: 402.4
review: Love this game to bits.
game-hours: 1135.5
review: i only played a little, but its pretty good.
game-hours: 0.6
review: 10/10 PC Can't even Handle it. And I can't login.
game-hours: 42.8
review: ish guud
game-hours: 646.0
review: Ninjas, Potatoes, and Stylepoints. If you have patience, everything's free. Only a little? Close enough, still free. If you don't, well... I don't blame you for wanting the badass looking weapons and items in the game, I mean, who wouldn't? FLAMING CAPES (Syndannas) AWWW YEAH
game-hours: 1923.4
review: One of the best and most fair Free-2-Play games out there. Playing by yourself can be a bit grindy, however playing with friends or joining a Clan will amplify your enjoyment. And it's not even officially out of Beta yet!
game-hours: 230.4
review: Pretty Cool And Awesome
game-hours: 82.1
review: Absolutely fantastic. The game plays smoothly, and the combat dynamics are flawless. The customisation options, which I should note are practically limitless, give you a really personal feel. Your avatar is, well, you. This game is free, and though I don't really want any of the DLC I'm gonna get one anyway just to support the devs, simply because such a brilliant games deserves to have some coin thrown at it. This game's a real hidden gem.
game-hours: 0.6
review: 10/10 PC Can't even Handle it. And I can't login.
game-hours: 73.3
review: Really cool game :D
game-hours: 3594.8
review: After over 3300h of playing I've finally decided to write review. It may be little fanboy-like, but I play it so long for a reason. Let's start with developement. 2 years ago, when I've started playing game was really poor. There were two-three rooms connected in different combination to make it look bigger, almost the same type of enemies, grinding with almost the same weapons all the time. But that was two years ago. Thanks to regullary released updates game is now HUGE and I really mean it and it just keeps getting bigger. And constant updates make you wait impatiently for next ones, preventing boredom, Secondly, game is build not only by devs but also by players, that have huge impact on Digital Extremes' (developer's) decisions about "what to do next". It's like community is part of the studio. Third thing: nice community. I've played a lot of games and this one has really good community, compared to other games. Of course, there are some morons, that will try to ruin your experience, but there always has to be few of them, right? Next thing is huge variety of equipment. You play your way. There's no such thing as "best equipment" there. There are plenty of choices, to match your playstyle. Lastly, it's true F2P model. There are no things that are neccessary for good equipment, that are only availible through real money. Well, slots for your Warframes (characters) and weapons are limited at first, but you can always sell few things to players to get enough money (platinum) to get slots. Or simply just buy platinum once, when you'll receive 75% discount (it's really cheap then) and I guarantee you won't regret it. Otherwise, platinum is only needed for cosmetic items. The only disadvantage I can think of, as veteran Warframe player is lack of things that you can do at some point. But to reach that point, you'll have to play for at least few hudred hours, so I guess there's not much to worry about. To sum up: great game, great people, great developers that care about us, players. There are bugs, but they are getting fixed as fast as possible. If you want to know more, PM me on steam or in-game, where I have the same nickname as here (Soldier1312).
game-hours: 34.4
review: I find Warframe very fun and even though you can buy weapons and tennos with the use of real cash, you can still play the game using default weapons but I hate the limit of colours for customizing your character. Past that I do find the game very enjoyable and if your PC can handle high graphical settings then switch it to high its a beautiful looking game
game-hours: 847.4
review: Warframe is a great co-operative game. With many gamemodes, difficulties, customization, warframes and weapons, it doesn't bore me at all. However, it is very grindy and repetitive, and so it may bore some players. *Cough* Casuals *Cough*. Overall the game looks great, runs smoothly and is a ton of fun. Get it. It's free!
game-hours: 842.6
review: This is now my life.
game-hours: 268.4
review: About 90% of my playtime is probably just me walking around in my ship and nothing else. 10/10
game-hours: 294.6
review: Ninjas in space, 10/10 download now.
game-hours: 104.3
review: Click That Play Button CLICK IT!!!!!
game-hours: 1656.5
review: Warframe : Ninja's play for free especially since update 13 Press x to Ninja You might not like the game, but that's just because you don't like 3rd person, ninja's, melee combat, magics and sci-fi. If you didn't quit for that reason, PLAY AGAIN or come back every update to see what's brought to the game
game-hours: 32.1
review: 1
game-hours: 170.4
review: Awesome image,with future-tech weapens and warframes,I love it.
game-hours: 1.4
review: I simply refuse to waste my life grinding for meaningless stuff with such basic melee and ranged combat. I'll stick to competitive multiplayer shooters and fighting games. Without the grind. Grind is evil. Warframe is quality though.
game-hours: 229.8
review: Space Ninjas. Yes.
game-hours: 483.6
review: Among the best Free to Play games ever. Best grinding-game since Diablo 2, imo. ^^
game-hours: 1240.3
review: Ninja's in space with guns and dogs... Best game ever!
game-hours: 402.4
review: Love this game to bits.
game-hours: 1135.5
review: i only played a little, but its pretty good.
game-hours: 25.8
review: One of the best F2P games on steam
game-hours: 511.0
review: Warframe a really great third person shooter game. Developers are always providing with new content and regular updates. The community of this game can be said to be very large compared to other free to play games that are availabe through steam. Can be enjpyed Solo but of course playing with friends and messing around is always a lot of fun. This is not a pay to win kinda free to play game. Purcahsable Currency is an option, everything in the game is obtainable by all players with the in game currency. However, grinding would be a thing in the game. If you enjoy a hack and slash game this would be one of it.
game-hours: 2.6
review: Yes I do own Warframe and I am ASHAMED to admit it!
game-hours: 57.7
review: it may have repitive gameplay elements its still fun to play especially with friends. It may have pay to win elements, but you can still be the very best with out paying though it may take longer. overall its a game to give it a try if you got no other mmo shooter to play. Another thing YOU ARE A NINJA. 10/10
game-hours: 26.3
review: WOW that just a cool game :D I am recommned to all play that fun game play like aline and kill other alines Cool and Epic Do mission upgrade your rank,trade,change warframe, duel whit firends and change spaceship skin :3 WarFrame had a good update so download it and play it whit your firneds its becomes to be more fun then the past. and what more i can to say just PLAY ON IT XD
game-hours: 2.6
review: It's a nice game but not for along time, gettin' borred pretty fast becuase of similar content everywhere, nothing new on the field..
game-hours: 27.3
review: Grind, Grind, Grind more!
game-hours: 329.8
review: Man, compared to a while ago, this game grew with leaps and bounds. I'd also recommend "Prepare to Grind" as a subtitle.
game-hours: 104.3
review: Click That Play Button CLICK IT!!!!!
game-hours: 1656.5
review: Warframe : Ninja's play for free especially since update 13 Press x to Ninja You might not like the game, but that's just because you don't like 3rd person, ninja's, melee combat, magics and sci-fi. If you didn't quit for that reason, PLAY AGAIN or come back every update to see what's brought to the game
game-hours: 955.1
review: There is one arguement that will be put up to this game; Pay2Win. I will say right now that it is not. While there are microntransactions, everything that contributes to actual gameplay can be acquired through playing the game. THERE IS GRIND IN THIS GAME. Putting that out there now because there are people who absolutely despise it. I for one do not have a problem with it. To be perfectly honest, there is ALOT of grind. The good thing is that the gameplay is just so much fun that it is actually enjoyable to play missions and its not just dull shooting ground after dull shooting ground. Looking at you Call of Duty. One kinda big problem i have with it is the inventory. To get more inventory slots you have to pay with Platinum, the microtransaction currency. This causes problems with having weapons and Warframes that you like and not having enough room to store them. The trading system slightly fixes that problem with being able to trade players for weapon parts, mods, and Warframe parts, as well as Platinum. If you are playing the game and find a really valuable mod, you can go to the trading tab and trade with players for it by putting up offers and looking if anyone wants something you might have. In summary this is a slightly flawed, but really enjoyable game if you don't mind grind and some waiting for things to happen. (To be honest what game isnt somewhat flawed?)
game-hours: 1943.1
review: space ninja , space pirates , space kung fu , space mercenary ,space pest terminator want more? wait for cool updates
game-hours: 1348.0
review: nice game and awesome graphic
game-hours: 668.2
review: i kinda like it
game-hours: 71.8
review: Iz good
game-hours: 608.1
review: ( First, dont look on my steam hours, i downloaded warframe to steam just now. i have about 585 hours on the in-game profile) warframe is free to play game, still in beta but already a decent game that worth a try. plot : there is still many question marks, not all of the lore revealed, so i will tell some of the known story : you are, a tenno, twisted race who can control a warframe, a special suit that gains special powers to the wearer, you was awakend from cyro sleep by the lotus, we dont know much about her yet, she guides you and help you, you was awakend in a time of chaos, the grineer, a cloned race is taking over the system, you have to stop them, more is explained through the tutorial mission. alot of this game is about fun, while some players grinding the mastery ranks ( a level in typical mmo ) i found myself not doing this at all ( compare my 580+ hours to rank 11, some are already at 16 on this time ) this game have large varity of weapons and warframes, im taking the weapons that im enjoying to play, and playing with them, there are alot of unique weapons into this game, and there are typical rifles and pistols. this game is TPS ( third person shooter ) but combine some ninja elements ( wallrunning, sneaking even tho it still need rework, and as well, melee weapons - there are dozens of melee weapons in this game ) and that whats make it unique when comparing to other games. also about P2P : Trading system! never paid a single cent, now i got 10 warframes, all with reactors and dozens of weapon slots, just get stuff in void and trade for other players platinum so you want to enjoy? find things that fit your playstyle? ( and there is a huge varity of weapons, from lightning gun to rocket launcher, from dagger to jet powered hammer ) download this game, and start to enjoy!
game-hours: 432.7
review: epic assasin... that's what it's about
game-hours: 356.0
review: Effects - the video
game-hours: 448.4
review: All you need to know about this game is that the combat is AMAZING. There are a few glitches overall but the fluidity of the combat is something to behold. This is really the reason to play this game. The leveling system and ability to modify and customize your weaponry and warframes is also quite addictive. I'd also mention that playing with two person teams is ideal for MOST missions and more fun. Generally playing with four people turns into complete chaos and at least imo makes the game much less fun. The main gripe against this game is that its repetitive and the grind for certains mods/parts/etc can be kind of daunting and boring. After the shock and amazement of the combat wears off (will take a LONG time) you realize you aren't really accomplishing much -- just like other MMO's outside of WoW (which does a good job of constantly giving you a new story to unfold). The issue could be resolved with more oddball events, maybe even massive invasion missions with thousands to slaughter, etc. I find that the game shines the brightest when you face wave after wave of enemy that you can cut up into tiny pieces or (as an Ember) ignite the world on fire and melt their faces (its really satisfying trust me). But when you get stuck doing really drawn out missions like mobile defense the game gets kind of tedious. I also find that while most of the warframes are incredibly fun to play - they are not well balanced. Like Nova for example is WAY too powerful and frames like Frost, Zephyr, or Excalibur are not really effective (fun but not effective for moving along in the game). Often, if playing with friends, one or two people will kill like 70% of the stuff and run around doing so while the two others will spend time collecting loot and hoping they arent shot in the face by heavy Grineer, Infected, or Corpus units. With all of that said I do recommend the game because its a lot of fun to build new weapons/frames/research abilities and get out there and kick some butt. Just beware of the horrible team gameplay due to imbalance and the repetitive nature of the missions. Perhaps in the future they will create missions that require more cohesive gameplay but until then just have fun slicing things into tiny bloody bits or shooting holes through their torsos with shotguns because it will make you grineer to ear. (done intentionally) Also I should mention that this game is NOT P2W at all but it doesnt hurt to buy some platinum from time to time if you want to proceed faster than the game otherwise allows. Clearly the system is rigged in favor of profits but if you know that going in... you'll be better able to handle it.
game-hours: 1048.3
review: Amazing game. Very addicting if you don't mind waiting a bit for good items.
game-hours: 1001.6
review: The best way to describe warframe, would be "Space-gun-fighting-ninjas" With over 20+ Playable chericters, Hundreds of weapons, and countless coustomizatations for both. Warframe is a perfect alternative to the standard Gungame. Not to mentation all the team baised play that takes place in the game.
game-hours: 7.2
review: This game is so awesome, it gave me 3 erections in a row. The gameplay is AWESOME, the graphics (of wich i care less than a ) are good. This game is one of my top 3.
game-hours: 541.2
review: Awesome Co-Op !! Easy to kill enemies !! :P
game-hours: 5569.0
review: If you like fast paced crazy wall running while shooting, this is the game for you ! Slide into the wonderful world of warframe and join a community of gamers who have helped build this game. Come be a space ninja, a Tenno. Awesome Game !
game-hours: 734.2
review: Best Game i ever played :D
game-hours: 113.0
review: Step it up bungie
game-hours: 602.6
review: Shiitty Game, Shiitty Graphiks, Shiitty gunz, Shiitty errything. JUST KIDDING WASTE ALL YOUR MONEY ON IT NOW ITS AMAZE VERY WOWEWEWEWEWWEWW
game-hours: 73.0
review: good . that is all.
game-hours: 526.7
review: This is a great game. Kind of boring by yourself, but if you have a few friends, get ready for countless hours of slaughter! Sweet abilities, sweet weapons and upgrades. I keep reading reviews where people whine about the cost of platinum. I have yet to spend a dime on this game and was able to get all the top end warframes, weapons, and mods. Selling parts for plantinum goes a long way. Every single thing in the game is achieveable with a little patience.
game-hours: 304.4
review: If you dont like playing farming simulator 2015 then  OFF YA LIL WANK STAIN! Space! Ninjas!  YEAH!
game-hours: 277.8
review: 10/10 simulation of the average space ninja, also good if you like grinding, potatoes and petty squabbles between space jews and clones.
game-hours: 1840.7
review: Hmm well, where do I start? How to get rid of your real life in 2 steps. Step 1: Download Warframe! Step 2: Play Warframe! Congratulation! You've now lost your real life.
game-hours: 111.1
review: WarFrame is a fun interactive game where you control your character, its not open world ( boo ) but you can choose to be a frontal fighter or a support gunner
game-hours: 469.4
review: Just when you're done farming over and over again... THEY PULL YOU BACK IN through constant new updates.
game-hours: 42.1
review: Warframe in a nutshell: How do i play? - oh i want that.. - grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind - get blueprints - realize you don't have enough materials or credits - grind grind grind grind grind grind grind - make item - 36 hour wait - wait and grind wait and grind wait and grind wait and grind wait and grind wait and grind - get cool new item - equip new item - grind level on item - grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind - find next cool blurprint - repeat grind process it feels so good to play grindframe though
game-hours: 11.8
review: It's fun.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Really stunning gameplay, although instructions were unclear. I ended up with my  in a blender, HELP ME. Other than that, amazing game. 10/10 would play again and again and again
game-hours: 6.5
review: Really stunning gameplay, although instructions were unclear. I ended up with my  in a blender, HELP ME. Other than that, amazing game. 10/10 would play again and again and again
game-hours: 843.5
review: its so good now u can have your pet dog!!
game-hours: 131.6
review: The game is terrible, here is my reason. So im playing ton's of missions and after a hard days work im very tired (you know with all the wall running and sword fighting etc) and I just want to sit down, well my ING space ship can travel faster than a space shuttle but atleast a space shuttle has some EN SEATS! Then If I want to sleep all ive got is my floor which isnt exactly comfortable. I deal with alot on a daily basis and they couldnt throw in these basic things? Yet they give me some  AI called R2-Weatley9000 who just tries to kill and is annoying, I'd trade it in if I could just for one seat, like I'll give you this broken AI for a broken trade k? The worst problem though is without a doubt the lack of a bathroom. I've been using Earth as my personal toilet since the  Tenno wont give me one I've been forced to. They think the grineer have been trying to poison the planet well actually its just my "Garbage". I give this game 5 simcity 2000's out of MLP FIM episode 2 season 55 revenge of the muted deaf kids. Top Comments/ Reviewers opinions. "First" - Bush Wookie "10/10 review, sir." - DatGuyST34M "Call of duty brings back the same multiplayer fun!, also this bush wookie guy's review is kinda cool too." - IGN *Change Log Ver 1.0 Given to public Ver 1.1 Deleted word would from a sentence Ver 1.2 Added a capital letter to the word "Change" in the title of Change log Cer 1.3 Added in Top Comments/ Reviewers opinions.
game-hours: 248.8
review: ok first i have to say SPACE NINJAS thats what you are playing when you play warframe but i have to say thats not a bad thing becus there is parkor wall jumping clans guns swords maces ect. for there are likes of things for you to doin warframe. now if you look at my playtime you will see i have played warframe anuf to tell you its a good game and i think they are sending it in a good direction. now if you like to shoot hit jump and jenraly just repeatedly BASH THINGS IN THE FACE AND HOPE IT DIES BEFOR YOU DO. then yes this is the game for you and have fun cus it is a fun game END!!!
game-hours: 87.1
review: BEWARE: Wall of text incoming. First of all: I started playing Warframe like 2 weeks ago, so i'm still kinda new to the whole thing. But i gotta say: I LOVE IT! Warframe is a sci-fi action game that gets the rating AWESOME right at the very beginning of the game: You're a freakin space ninja! And a pretty damn mighty one. The gameplay can be described as somewhat similar to mass effect but focuses a lot more on pure, epic action. It's co-op so you're going to be able to slash through dozens of enemies with your friends, which is pretty great due to the fact that there aren't that many co-ops game out there. So... let's just look at some pros and cons: -----------PROS------------------ -Absolutely epic graphics ( i find myself quite often just standing around and enjoying the great visuals) -Great programming concerning perfomance (you are able to run the game in high details with just a mediocre set-up) -Exciting fast-paced co-op gameplay -A whole lot of content (several planets with different mission types, tons of weapons and warframes, extra missions which you can accsess by crafting keys) -You are able to join and form clans and build clan dojos! (This is a point i'd really like to highlight because the dojos are such a cool feature. Basically you can build all kind of different rooms in your dojo, including labs, duel rooms, obstacle courses, absolutely beautiful decorations rooms with japanese theming, an awesome planetarium and other stuff.) -Great fluid gamefeel (you can perform several moves like wallrunning, dashing, backflipping and basically everything you'd like to do as a space ninja!) -completely fair f2p concept (almost everything in the game can be accomplished without spending real money, excluding additional itemslots (that are quite cheap), cosmetical items and items to supercharge your weapons and warframes.) -The developers are great guys who really give you the feeling that they care about their game. Warframe got so many details and features that the game itself wouldn't necessarily need, but just make it better and more thought out. (The earlier mentioned clandojo is a big example for this!) - DAT PATCH REDTEXT (if you played the game for a bit, you know what i mean) After the pros, let's get to the few, but possibly heavy for some people, cons. -------------CONS---------------- -Warframe is terribly bug-infested. The main chat loves to freeze from time to time, the UI can get stuck, missions won't start and many other problems might appear... I'd say these kind of bugs don't make the game unplayable but sometimes REALLY get on your nerves and take away from your fun. The Devs really gotta do something about that since Warframe is already out for some time and this serious amount of bugs shouldn't be present after that . -The game gets quite repetitive after a while due to the fact that all of the missions just repeat and the only thing new about each planet is the level tileset and different ressources you are able to obtain there. -GRIND GRIND GRIND (seriously, the whole game is actually based on grinding and farming ressourses to be able to craft new weapons, warframes and keys to access the orokin missions. This might be a very bad thing depending on the type of player you are. For me personally it's not a big deal since grinding in warframe is freakin fun thanks to its action packed gameplay. In other games i have always lost interest after collecting the 10th kodo wiener...) Sooo... Here's your TL;DR: Warframe can be a really great game that is full of action, tons of content and give you the feeling that the devs care about us players. On the other hand you might get bored pretty damn fast due to its repetitive gameplay and the amount of grinding you have to do in order to craft new items. Depending on the type of player you are you're going to have TONS of fun with warframe or going to quit after 2 hours saying "jesus, this is so boring" Having written all this the only thing left to say is:
game-hours: 2.1
review: Um belo jogo.
game-hours: 1211.1
review: one of the greatest free to play shooter games grinding is a big part of the game but if it wasnt their would only be maybe 200-275 hours of gameplay and it would be over altho its not as bad as grinding in say planet side 2 where it takes months upon months of playing to get your first new weapon also you can get ever item that has an actual use ingame with just credits earned ingame plus if they didnt make people want to use real money to buy stuff they wouldnt make a profit to advance the game and keep making cool updates and you cant forget ur a freaking space ninja on the brink of extiction doesnt get much better than that
game-hours: 207.0
review: WARFRAME is a fast-paced space-shooter, combining elements of MOBA, Parcours, third-person combat and Co-op into a shiny Ninja-Adventure. Although it can be quite a grind if the player chooses to compete for the very best equipment, it is the best bang for your buck if you want the best of all worlds and look for a game where both casual and dedicated gamers can have fun. With some of the best coders in the world (Unreal series, Bioshock, Dark Sector) Digital Extremes has managed to provide stability and constant progress, and delivering high-quality content based on the Evolution Engine. WARFRAME in its current state is quite capable of challenging and competing with the current AAA titles of all major game-companies.
game-hours: 93.9
review: To legit to quit
game-hours: 373.9
review: It's amazing game! Here is team play, guns, super suits, game is new and developers improve it. And you can help them. Enjoy!
game-hours: 35.4
review: awesome game with amazing futuristic graphics and you dont need any micro transactions to be good at game and is free would recommend to all
game-hours: 546.7
review: Awesome game. Many different play styles you can try out.
game-hours: 173.6
review: Dude space ninjas ...
game-hours: 2.5
review: FREE U N
game-hours: 1857.4
review: Warframe as a free to play game and a mmo you can expect it to be a grindy and time consuming game, with micro transactions that are pay to save time rather than pay to win. It has nothing special to it. Warframe is just an good average game.
game-hours: 62.9
review: An AMAZING 'Third Person Shooter' game! I dont like the time that you have to wait for blueprints to finish (12 Hours, some 24), but overall, the game is hell of an addicting game!
game-hours: 1666.7
review: I have over a 1000 hours in this game. I personally love it.
game-hours: 513.5
review: one of da best freegames that u can get cuz it has great graphics and is hands down the most fun in a free game rate- 10/10
game-hours: 295.6
review: SLOTH LIKE THIS GAME VERY MUCH. REMIND ME OF BABE RUTH. BABE RUTH GRAPHICS. BABE RUTH GAMEPLAY. GAME MADE BY BABE RUTH THATS HOW MUCH SLOTH LIKE!! P.S. I LOVE BABE RUTHS!
game-hours: 567.4
review: Too many times I have approached a game and found that the stress on PVP is over done and there is no way to play with the same feel and not have to worry about long term players or bots. Warframe changed all this for me. A shooter game with more than one twist I fell in love almost immediately. The lore is limited (they are building on it as we speak, it's in an exciting phase) and it does look pay to win... on the surface. It is not. The crafting is a secondary feature of this game. It's a something to do with the parts and the materials you gain. I've lost count of the number of frame's I've stumbled over the resources for and the amount of weapons I've crafted because they look like a bit of fun. If you think the focus of the game is to be completionist and own all the things... then you've missed the point. The point is to play, and play you can. Warframe runs you through an ever increasing series of different mission types from the need to stealth missions to succeed, to defense, attack and outright destruction. They listen to their fanbase and the game grows through the love from the fans and the developers. Winner of MMOBOMB's MMO of the Year (2014) something has to be going right here. For those that love the thrill of the fight, to fantasise on their own lore as the game develops and to watch an already fabulous beta blossom into greater things, this is the game for you. Grab your rifle and your sword and get to killing things.
game-hours: 786.2
review: This is awesome game for those player who want to play some Space third person shooter by yourself or with friends. Also it is really cool how game is constantly being updated. There are a lot of costumization and playability in Warframe. RECOMMENDED
game-hours: 38.6
review: In the Past, when I first tried this game, it was awful. Each level was long, difficult and had very little variety. It was so mind-numbingly boring that WarFrame became difficult to play. Each level was the same layout with a slightly different skin on it. One would play a level, and the next level would be the exact same thing but with ice! Ohhh! Exciting! except it wasn't at all... Since then, WarFrame has improved a tremendous amount, and is legitimately rather fun to play. finding new areas and little hidden sections while exploring a map is fun, and often results in some (more or less) useful resources. The flow of the game is alot smoother, and enemies do not indefinitely respawn, which made the game much harder before. I've had some pretty great times with WarFrame and it's much better than it once was. Though the "copy and paste" level layouts are still the same, it doesn't feel as empty and dull as it did in the past. Two comments that I must make however, is the amount of time it takes to gather resources needed to advance in strength and level; and playing with a controller. The Controller layout is absolutely horrid, and you must redo it all and test with it before you can find something that works. The sensitivity is way too high, and the button layout is simply difficult and hard to understand. Overall, I give this game a 7/10. It's a good game, but players that don't like alot of grinding, and hate some repentition will quickly get bored of it.
game-hours: 280.9
review: Milos, a retired porn star, leads a normal family life with his wife Maria and six-year old son Petar in tumultuous Serbia, trying to make ends meet. A sudden call from his former colleague Layla will change everything. Aware of his financial problems, Layla introduces Milos to Vukmir - a mysterious, menacing and politically powerful figure in the pornographic business. A leading role in Vukmir's production will provide financial support to Milos and his family for the rest of their lives. A contract insists on his absolute unawareness of a script they will shoot. From then on, Milos is drawn into a maelstrom of unbelievable cruelty and mayhem devised by his employer, "the director" of his destiny. Vukmir and his cohorts will stop at nothing to complete his vision. In order to escape the living cinematic hell he's put into, and save his family's life, Milos will have to sacrifice everything - his pride, his morality, his sanity, and maybe even his own life.
game-hours: 327.7
review: Very good, but be prepared to GRIND.
game-hours: 256.5
review: What's an "end game"?
game-hours: 523.1
review: Warframe. It is most definately one of the best -free- multiplayer third person shooters I have ever had the honor to play. I would honestly reccomend this game above many triple A titles. The game itself has a decisive and interesting backstory. many playable "Warframes" with unique and interesting mechanics that give your specific choice meaning in a varity of mission settings. Also perhaps one of the most important features. It's a constantly evolving game, new missions and interesting additions are being added in -monthly- giving this amazing game a ever-changing face and the fact you'll be supported by three additional "Tenno" Three other players all working towards the same goal, means the missions the people and the very game itself is ever changing depending on the people you join with! ... It also has some interesting end-game content that relies far more on teamwork and less on pure shooting and running off on your own this can make it it even more complex and interesting later game. So remember folks, Gun or Blade are not a Tenno's best friend, trust in your Warframe. But even more. Trust in your allies.. "I am the lotus, I will guide you but we must hurry. Vor is coming for you. I see the cryo-sleep has taken your memory, It doesn't matter. you are Tenno. I will prepare you..."
game-hours: 1702.9
review: I would recommend this one, 's little one needs to know. Space, ninjas, space ninjas and massacre action, missions too, it is indeed the best team game of the era in my opinion. Mechanics are quite nice too, what with the wall running for example, plenty of hopping around.
game-hours: 183.3
review: Robotic Ninjas nuff said
game-hours: 15.8
review: Very Good Graphics And Quality. I Really Do Recommend Playing With A Friend Or Other People, But It's Still Fun Playing Solo. I Recommend It To People Who Like Third-Person Shooters And A Very Large And Long Campaign.
game-hours: 68.2
review: it would be the best if there wasent platinum
game-hours: 551.5
review: Warframe is an amazing game and I highly reccomend it.
game-hours: 373.9
review: It's amazing game! Here is team play, guns, super suits, game is new and developers improve it. And you can help them. Enjoy!
game-hours: 463.8
review: great game for all skills upgrade system is hard to learn but once u do its very helpfull wide veriety of weps and skins evrything is able to be found in the game but thats the hard part
game-hours: 3.2
review: Played it, liked it at first, started to fall short after a few hours of game play and now sits there in my game list collecting dust! But still a fun game for free , try it out its worth the download..
game-hours: 162.8
review: Often described as a "pay to win" game. I found that not to be the case. Warframe is a third person shooter that is easy to pick up and rewards players who put time and effort into the game. The initial learning curve is set quite high, but can be made easier with help from the rather polite online community. Missions can seem repetitive at times, but the constant addition of new content and game mechanics make Warframe always feel fresh. Being still only in beta, there are a few minor bugs that stop it from being one of the top free to play games around. These issues however, hardly detract from the game itself and are only noticible because the rest of the game feels so polished. Overall, Warframe is a genuinely good game that has a lot of things going for it. I look forward to the developers Live Release and whatever additional changes accompany it.
game-hours: 115.4
review: Very Fun game. For a Free 2 PLay game, it is my favourite there is. Basically it is ninjas in space, but it is a good concept. No story, but it does have a rich lore. Why yu no have Warframe huh huh huh? Got Warframe. Do it for the Shibes Doge Translation: Such Wow, Such Space, So Violent, Very Ninja, Such fun.
game-hours: 17.1
review: It's a nice unknown game for lots of people .. there are lots of + things about it which i enjoy and like ... fluent graphics , swords guns style , ninja fighting in outer space..! it is one good weird fun game :) ... but it needs a work of improvement on the story to make it more interesting ..
game-hours: 1488.8
review: Ever feel like being a space ninja? Well this is basically it. Ninjas flying through space, saving the solar system from the Grineer, Corpus and Infested. It has boss fights on almost every planet. Modding systems gives players a chance to mod their weapons and warframe according to their play style. Vaious mission types that are actually fun to play. Developer support is great. Constantly fixing bugs while releasing big updates. I love the fact that you can grind for "prime" items to be sold for "platinum" which is the in-game currency that is obtained by paying with real money. Allows people with basically no money to spend a chance to get those items that have to be purchased with platinums. Speaking of platinums, there's many customization. Syandana (capes), colour packs, skins, armor parts and helmets actually gives players the ability to customize their warframes to suit their own taste. TL;DR: Simply the best free game I've played before and I 100% recommend it
game-hours: 334.3
review: Fast Paced 3rd Person Action with elements of Parkour. Includes different mission types or Game modes like Defense, Survival, Domination, Extinction etc. Lots of items to craft and earn, whilst you can play it completely free or pay to progress faster Very fun game if you like to be a Space Ninja!
game-hours: 86.0
review: It's a very nice RPG a bit organic with the idea of missions rather than quests I get very strange feelings of other games with this Such as "Borderlands" "Mass Effect" "Prototype" I really like it even when I get bored Because as soon as I pick it up It'll be hard to put down
game-hours: 102.8
review: Nice!
game-hours: 16.6
review: it is really fun best third person shooter out there in my opinion
game-hours: 530.9
review: PEW PEW
game-hours: 828.9
review: A great game, good points: Great movement system Can get 99% of the stuff with out paying real money Really fun to play with freinds Can be played solo No two games will be the same Bad points: NONE!! (in my opinion :P )
game-hours: 128.4
review: By far and wide one of the greatest and best free games you can get right now, try it out! DO IT! You won't regret it!
game-hours: 42.8
review: a 10/10 game which is a 'must play'
game-hours: 169.1
review: The gameplay is solid, the game is fun... at first. Depending on your tolerance for grinding, it can either stay that way forever, or get boring really fast. There will be a point where all you can do is grind and try to have fun shooting the same AI monsters over and over again for unlikely minor upgrades. I recommend trying it, it's free; but don't expect to be entertained forever.
game-hours: 385.3
review: All about ninja is BADASS!!! Nice gameplay superior controll OUT OF COUNTROLL iNSTALL NOW GUYS IS WORTH IT!!!
game-hours: 19.3
review: Yeah
game-hours: 873.6
review: What are you waiting for!? Don't play this game alone, bring your friends and get the full CO-OP experience!
game-hours: 379.6
review: SPACE NINJAS in MECHANIZED SUITS with MAGICAL POWERS struggling againts dangers of vast space in order to uphold balance! It's free to play, you have no excuse to not try it.
game-hours: 463.8
review: great game for all skills upgrade system is hard to learn but once u do its very helpfull wide veriety of weps and skins evrything is able to be found in the game but thats the hard part
game-hours: 2320.6
review: Honestly an amazing game for a free-to-play MMO. Quick third-person-shooter gameplay is complemented by interesting free-running and mobility mechanics. Digital Extremes really want you to feel like a space ninja with Warframe. Perhaps Warframe's greatest allure is the lack of restrictions many MMO's seem to have taken on as staples. For example, there is no mechanic to explicitly limit the per-day play time of 'free-to-play play'ers, but rather a 4-revive per frame per day mechanic, and players can still continue when these are consumed. This also ties into Warframe's focus as a team game, with up to three other players present in a squad given time to revive you at no cost. In-game items can be purchased with credits (rewarded for normal gameplay) or Platinum (paid for with micro-transactions). Several rare weapons, rare items and cosmetic skins can be obtained through real-time Alerts and Operations, and certain weapons can only be obtained from special 'Void Runs' made possible with keys found during play. A 'Daily Reward' system offers increasingly valuable rewards for consecutive log-ins, and can even provide players with generous discounts on Platinum. Those looking for a 'But...' should be aware that Warframe is still in open-Beta, and still has issues such as the occasional clipping-through-wall trap, as well as some connectivity issues. But these are being discovered and addressed by the very active and actively-monitored community. The growth of the game with each update is obvious, and the developers have regular livestreams to discuss new and upcoming content. Warframe is a brilliant action game that is DEFINITELY worth a look. Just don't choose Loki as your starting Frame.
game-hours: 58.7
review: ninjas in space that kick a$# ...tha $h!t!
game-hours: 1000.3
review: Let's see. We got ninjas, space marines, space zombies, space potatos, farming, space traders/scientists, space explosions, space space, and an update every week. All in all, I'd say it's a pretty good game so long as you put some time in to it. It doesn't have the instant gratification a lot of games do, and that might be a big turn off for people. But the more time you put in to it, the more fun you'll have. Trust me, I'm a space potato farmer.
game-hours: 941.7
review: Cyber-ninjas + First-person Shooter + Co-op + "PARKOUR!" = WARFRAME
game-hours: 717.4
review: 10/10 Would wake up for school late again.
game-hours: 923.4
review: Best f2p tps thats not totaly pay 2 win, totaly worth my time and life
game-hours: 26.9
review: Awesome game combines Ninjas, Space and Guns but the best part is your katana which looks epic as you power it up
game-hours: 2337.5
review: In my opinion the greatest game release in the past two years. In one years time the game size has grown from 1 gig to 6. The game population has grown from 100k to 10 million. The core of the game has snowballed and grown without sacrafice. It is legitimately playable for free; you can beat the game with the starting gear; you can obtain any gear in the game without paying. It looks amazing, has low requirements, is played as coop or competative based on how you want to play. It brings no new concepts that i am able to observe, however it brings concepts together that have never been combined in mass or on this scale. It combines these pieces with a precision and dependability I have never befor encountered. I would go into description of these details but they are to numerous to name, and are best observed by playing the game. If you don't like warframe now, you should check back in one year. As it will have likely doubled the types of human experiences available in that time period. The most impressive game of a age.
game-hours: 1488.8
review: Ever feel like being a space ninja? Well this is basically it. Ninjas flying through space, saving the solar system from the Grineer, Corpus and Infested. It has boss fights on almost every planet. Modding systems gives players a chance to mod their weapons and warframe according to their play style. Vaious mission types that are actually fun to play. Developer support is great. Constantly fixing bugs while releasing big updates. I love the fact that you can grind for "prime" items to be sold for "platinum" which is the in-game currency that is obtained by paying with real money. Allows people with basically no money to spend a chance to get those items that have to be purchased with platinums. Speaking of platinums, there's many customization. Syandana (capes), colour packs, skins, armor parts and helmets actually gives players the ability to customize their warframes to suit their own taste. TL;DR: Simply the best free game I've played before and I 100% recommend it
game-hours: 334.3
review: Fast Paced 3rd Person Action with elements of Parkour. Includes different mission types or Game modes like Defense, Survival, Domination, Extinction etc. Lots of items to craft and earn, whilst you can play it completely free or pay to progress faster Very fun game if you like to be a Space Ninja!
game-hours: 86.0
review: It's a very nice RPG a bit organic with the idea of missions rather than quests I get very strange feelings of other games with this Such as "Borderlands" "Mass Effect" "Prototype" I really like it even when I get bored Because as soon as I pick it up It'll be hard to put down
game-hours: 198.1
review: One of the BEST Free to Play! Great gaming experience, best graphic quality for a free to play genre till now, Smooth gameplay. It's a MUST try game for a free to play. Great Coop hack and slash game.
game-hours: 22.1
review: It is a fun game with friends, but may cause fights because if your teamate chooses loki, he sucks lol
game-hours: 1522.1
review: Its pretty good.
game-hours: 336.2
review: It is like riding a lowrider and shooting infidels with your homies. Try it, before devs kill the game for sure.
game-hours: 1308.6
review: The best F2P game i ever played
game-hours: 1295.7
review: Well what i can say about this game in 1st time when i played i didint like it that much and i left at some point (Maybe because 1 friend of mine witch we no longer friends are over annoyed me..) but like few mounths later i returned this game again and give it another shot and over all this Game is Really Cool talking about choises use Guns and Swords but i basicly stick with Swords most of the time anyways Warframe become better and better by over time sure it have some issues were game can freeze if youre in party and can disconnect you from it but still i recoment this game to people who Likes Shooting ,Killing stuff , Ninjas , Flying in Space and farming alot
game-hours: 2104.4
review: This game is awesome, my advice to you would be not to judge it only by your first experience, play it for a while, get good gear and you will enjoy it for a long time to come. I have over 1200 hours and they have all been worth it!
game-hours: 18.2
review: i recommend you guys to buy this game its just amazing full of violence nijas tps and powers
game-hours: 3361.6
review: Warframe is a fast paced F2P game that rewards long time players over buying in-game items. Warframe may seem hard at first to play but the game only gets more easy the longer you stick with it even offering some of the best in-game weapons for free during events (that are more often than you think) and special dates like christmas,easter etc. Warframe has a massive amount of content to explore including frames,weapons and even pets. The way to aquire these items is through collecting materials throughout the solar system and at first glance it would give the impression of too much grinding but it encurages you to explore and seek out new planets and rewards. Warframe does have a paid for currency that allows you to buy nearly anything in the game BUT, what warframe has that others games dont is that you can trade for that currency with rewards you have earned by playing the game. Warframe does have problems though with some of the best content being far to hard to get even for long time players and, balancing on weapons and frames is a very rocky path with some of the best content being reduced to mastery fodder. Overall warframe is not for everyone but is lots of fun to play and is updated every wensday with new content and provides lots of enterainment, its a must play F2P game.
game-hours: 858.0
review: All I can say about this one is that I am shocked that a game like this one is Free to Play actually; I can really see myself spending money on this game! However, like any Free to Play game, it is packed full of micro transactions, making it so you can buy the things you want. However, this game seems more generous in that aspect, you can either buy it with real money, or you can keep playing and earn credits in the game to aquire the same things that people would buy with their own cash. The graphics in this game are top notch as well as the overall gameplay. The game has been built so you can experience this game alone or with your friends and random people online who would wish to accompany you on your quests. This game is very much worth looking into if you are in anyway intrested in a futuristic cenario which takes place in space. The game on top of looking good also seems like it is willing to offer a lot of gameplay, both through many planets and objectives through the solar system as well as replayability to either find resources to rebuild your character or just replaying a map as a newly built character. It seems you can build your character to either be a spectre in the shadows, taking enemies out without anyone knowing you were even in the area; or a blood lusting banshee, screaming through and leaving death in your wake. However, if this was too long; one word to sum this game up really, Space Ninjas. Go play it.
game-hours: 2345.8
review: One of the best games I've ever played. It flows well, the third person camera may be hard for some people to adjust to, but this game would be very hard to play in first person. While it is a bit tough to get started, you gain momentum pretty quickly. There is almost always something new to get or unlock. This game might sound like it is trying too hard with ninja-cyborgs-in-space, but it makes it good. Extremely good 10/10
game-hours: 560.1
review: nice
game-hours: 601.4
review: Recomended game, have many mode to play. many weapon u can build. i like it score 8/10
game-hours: 339.4
review: If you can get past the incredibly boring beginning and farm enough to get a couple weapons it's a pretty good frame but it's one of those ones where it's needed to play with friends plus it's really stingy, not really a good idea to buy plat most of the time
game-hours: 982.1
review: The best things about this game exist entirely by accident from the developers. Manages to be both the least fun RNG fueled  grindfest i've played and also best relaxing "just destroy hundreds of enemies at once with ridiculously overpowered weaponry for no particular reason" game at the same time. Really grindy and buggy/10.
game-hours: 225.9
review: After you find the weapons that work for you, or just the weapons you want the most it gets really fun.
game-hours: 1.9
review: good game
game-hours: 737.0
review: This game is so good, its good. Just ing get it. ing get it god dammit/10
game-hours: 1.0
review: Space Ninja`s, Katanas, Controller Support, Parkour! Dis game is the best! 1,000/1,000 Ponies! ~ =D
game-hours: 142.5
review: so far i have really like this game. the game play and the customizabilty are awesome. As of right now, the only constructive critizism i have is that when you are in front of an enemy, plainly in thier line of site, they dont see you if you are outside of a 5 meter radius roughly. so the only thing i would change to make it more realistic would change that enemys will engage once you are in thier line of site within a reasonable distance.
game-hours: 3264.9
review: This game is very fun! I enjoy the concept of ninjas in space almost as much as i enjoy zombie games. I have played this for about a year now and still have things to do as this game continues to expand! It keeps me busy on days i have nothing to do, and it offers cooperative gameplay so i are meeting new people every game!
game-hours: 407.7
review: This game is really fascinating, the graphics, gore and getting to create your character with upgrades with melee weapons and ranged weapons. It's one of the best free-to-play games I have ever played, and I never stop playing it. As you kill more enemies and completing missions on the solar map, your level progresses and once your bar reaches to the next level you have to prove your skills in a training area to go up the next level. Having abilities for example like: Snow Globe, you create a globe with a snow storm inside and when enemies go inside they slow down making it much easier for you to stay alive and kill as much enemies as you can. Also protects you from enemy projectiles coming towards you. Soul Punch to knock your enemy back with one hit (If they're a low level). Terrify to scare your enemies away so you can slaughter them with pleasure :) Melee weapons like: duel blades, duel daggers, long swords, one handed swords, scythes, duel scythes, axes. all for the best of blood and gore. Ranged weapons like: Shotguns, pistols, duel pistols, rifles, sniper rifles, machiene guns, bow and arrows, throwing knifes. Really good fun for sneaky missions and loud party missions too :) Mission types like: Sabotage, when you go to the base core and destroy it leaving no enemies behind. Eliminate, not leaving one single enemy alive. Spy....when you....spy (not good for explaining that lol). Capture, when you capture the enemy and kill enemies in your way to escape. Rescue, to free a prisoner and protect him as you run back to safety. Assassinate, when you kill the enemy boss and his/her guards. But the whole game is really fun and I suggest you give it a try, thanks for reading ^.^
game-hours: 1826.2
review: Ruined my life. Thanks Warframe!
game-hours: 2692.5
review: Warframe is not just a game, it's a way of life...
game-hours: 196.0
review: 10/10 would potato again
game-hours: 1963.7
review: Grind. Just Grind. And then even more grind.
game-hours: 699.1
review: Very fun and addicting.. you want to get the best items in the game. One down side is that you can pay for items.. so people with tons of money can easily get items some people will work hard for.
game-hours: 2150.3
review: This game is awesome. Play it. Or I will find you. And force you to play.
game-hours: 375.5
review: Absolutely Brilliant! This game is amazing with awesome gameplay and great mechanics! Also all the weapons and characters that you can buy for real money are also obtainable by gathering resources for the item and crafting it. This makes the the game far from pay to win which i absolutely love. The only real major problem i have with the game is that you can quite often get a very bad host and that makes the game unplayable. But leaving and rejoining that mission fixes it if you get a better host OR host yourself. But all in all it's a great game with a lot of potential and its growing quite fast! It's absolutely worth a try because you get a really great game for no money! That's amazing!! :3
game-hours: 376.6
review: I wall ran up and ended up under the map of the game I was in and found a giant ball of reality. 13/10
game-hours: 2.6
review: Warframe is incredible for a free game and its graphics are what you would find in games that are worth $30 or more. Enough said. Try it out.
game-hours: 7.4
review: Ninja Simulator 2014
game-hours: 150.4
review: it's aight
game-hours: 29.8
review: IT'S SPACE NINJAS WITH MUTHERFUKING MAGIC WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK FOR?!?!
game-hours: 792.9
review: very fun and very addicting extremly fun fo those who like to murder things and are slighly psychotic but anyway 10/10 would recommend for anyone but it does kinda require a fair bit of actuall money to get a good experience!
game-hours: 253.2
review: Warfarm, a game where you farm in space to get nice props to use on your e-sci-fy waifu Sanic/420, would farm again.
game-hours: 3.6
review: best free 2 play game ever i highly recomend if you dont have money
game-hours: 24.3
review: Ever wanted to be a space sci-fi ninja parkour melee sneakthief slidng running shooting badass? Then download Warframe! The story isn't the best thing ever but its still engaging and doesnt bore really quick. The controls are smooth as is the fighting. The feeling of chopping a grineer in half or blowing out the side of an enemy never gets old. PLENTY of weapons, upgrades, warframes, abilities, and other intersting things to keep any 3rd person shooter interested in for many hours. Some levels are a bit easy, but it gets tougher. I haven't played a ton of Warframe but out of the 18.2 hours i've played, i've enjoyed all of it. 10/10 would Recommend.
game-hours: 100.5
review: Warfarm is a game in which you play spacebilly mcguckett and you team up with your friends to kill cropus to reap in sick loot and become the best space farmer. 10/10 will spend money on it again.
game-hours: 618.9
review: 420/10 made me not get a gf, stay home all summer, and take over japan all in the same month thanks digital extremes, for a game that made me eat more hot pockets in a hour than a child in africa did in his entire life
game-hours: 12.7
review: Perfect!
game-hours: 1065.0
review: 8/8 gr8 m8 would play again
game-hours: 903.4
review: this game is alright i guess
game-hours: 4.6
review: I hate this game
game-hours: 10.8
review: I'm almost certain that this is the best F2P game out there and completely free. You can argue that League of Legends is better but it's really not. Everything is free as far as gameplay is concerned, similar to league, skins cost money but is not required. Just download it and throw money at your screen please.
game-hours: 1108.3
review: Its ok
game-hours: 1366.2
review: Right so let's start this out with a negative, after a big update, avoid this like the plague for a week while they iron out the bugs. Now then for the review: Of all the MMO's i've played both big and small, new and old, Warframe is the most addicting. With all it's constantly updating and increasing features it still remains the most player friendly, fun, and the cheapest "free" to play game on the market, I have spent over a year now playing it, met nice people and joined a terrific clan when it was just created and small, now it's one of the top clans in the game and I enjoy the company of everyone in it. I've fought all the bosses done all the events and even found that my "gotta' catch'em all" mentaulity can easily be achieved with little or no money spent on my part since outside of most cosmetic's EVERYTHING can be gained by just playing the game, and with a good friend or clan, you can get it all in no time and have a blast the whole way through it all from start to finish. So to sum my review up, it has bugs and the storyline is still being made as we all go, and it's an mmo so you'll feel small and lost at the start, but this game is worth playing.
game-hours: 986.9
review: 10/10 Needs more fluff.
game-hours: 922.1
review: You Got Lustful Friends that Loves Co-op MMO'ish ThirdPersonShooter games and Loves spending Hours lustfully grinding/farming items N Stuff?! This game is perfect for you and your friends baby!! I mean its pretty much a hack and slash Space Ninja third person packED co-op MMO'ish TPS series game but it ain't just some mainstream MMO'ish TPS.Its Packed with uniqueness in it,its like a Left4dead in space similar in some ways but with more kinds of enemies,stories,quest as well as you can buy/craft weapons ,colour,skins,customization,modding(In-game weapon/warframe Modifications) and ironmansuits(so called "warframes" which you as a player in an ironmansuits fighting against enemies from different factions around the solar system),etc. Along with amazing combat animations,warframe abilities,parkour,weapon/melee skill combinations and highly detailed graphics,etc.There's also PvP in it which is okay in my opinion it still needs a bit of improvement tho.Aside from that This game is a masterpiece to those who favours Co-operative based games. With that said this game Overall 9.8/10,you should play this game although it might have a bit of bugs in an early stage but still,i truly admire the work of the game developers to create such an amazing game!! Therefore they are TRULY working their 'a''ss off with the next upcoming update ''The Archwing'' which makes it look like gundam later on. So yeah!! have some friends and start playing!!!! what ARE You Waiting For huh!? Gooooooooo!!!! Play!!!!!! Pros- Maneuver Capabilities Fun Graphics Gameplay Weapon/Warframe "Extreme Modification capabilities" Many Combinations A sense of Creative capabilities For players Cons- Bugs(will soon be fixed)~~constant game updates Connection Lag (depending on which player hosts)~~solves by being a host yourself but others might lag if their latancy is crap or your internet. You can also prefer soloing if you're having connection troubles for the time being End-Game Cons: Drop Rates(some are impossible to obtain) Takes time to grind Fixed body shapes for warframes (cant make body shape modifications/adjustments) except colours,Skins,Helmets and warframe accessories Skins only changes the patterns on your warframe which sucks,they should make it like a new body or something(Wished if you can Create your own character inside your warframes Like those in mmorpg's or perhaps able to modify your warframes from head to toe)
game-hours: 21.6
review: pay 2 win because they gave me a 90% coupon discount on platinum and i bought the highest pack
game-hours: 654.8
review: F2P (Free to play) third person sci-fi shooter. You take control of so-called "warframes", which are basically robots with unique skills, depending on the frame. There are plenty of weapons, going from simple shotguns to mining equipment that uses lasers to cut enemies in half. The game is relying strongly on the player investing his time in farming and grinding resources to create weapons. As with any F2P game, the premium mechanics include a currency that can be bought via ingame-transactions and then spent on new weapons, special gear and cosmetics.
game-hours: 11.4
review: WHAT THE  THIS GAME IS SO ACTION PLAY THIS NOW !!!!!!!
game-hours: 3333.4
review: Fun to play if you have friends with you. That is why this is the most boring game in existence 0/10 go  yourself
game-hours: 55.0
review: LETS GRIND FOR EVERYTHING!!!!!!!! YEAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 899.0
review: This game is one of those, which blended tons of good games into one, OP as level 69 Stalker (who mostly rapes you in solo Uranus missions), grinding game. Being a dude who overplayed Warframe and walking around the city might be quite dangerous. Stalker Cop , Harvester Chichuachua or three CoD players who sleep with your mother might get you. I said this game mixed tons of good games? Well, here they are : -Like in DotA 2, on most of Europeans servers you will see "" in chatlog when they die and you don't have time to revive them... -Imagine Crack and Civilization series have sex with each other. Well, this is the result... -Mirror's Edge was one of those parkour games that everyone enjoyed.Faith was able to carry and run with weapons those weighed grams.In Warframe you can also run fast with Gram... which weighs about 100 kg... -This game ain't racist at all, you are just a black, skinny guy, which often steals stuff from dead bodies... -You can see that Earth Planet is occupied by Russians. Why? Because in Soviet Warframe, Earth missions rapes you... To sum up, OP game, never give up if you just can't get Cronus blueprint. 10/10 , would collect 7 dragon balls to play this game without often DDOS attacks.
game-hours: 116.5
review: Awesome game, i run it at full graphics and i have to say this game looks amazing! Awesome gameplay, if you like a good story line and action,3rd person games, this game is definately for you!!
game-hours: 1500.5
review: I love this game! I'll play every day 6-7 hours!
game-hours: 80.4
review: I like pressed play right... and my mum told me i had to put the washing out and i was like....... so i started playing the game and it was like super crayz doriotos... but i only said that cause my friend was getting doritos.... but i havent played the game yet because like its downloading.... so uh yea.
game-hours: 1003.6
review: Best game for never give-up gamer.
game-hours: 441.2
review: Warframe is a form of FPS shooter/close-quarters combat game that is intensly immersive and very well designed between the way combat works and the amazing graphics, there are quite a few classes and you can do many different things from assainations to all out kill everything that moves, you can play with meele or charge around with your guns n stuff SIngle player: Playing alone means less mobs and easier missions all around very fun to do, and sometimes better to play as for certain things Multiplayer: massively amusing and you can play with freinds and just cut down hoards with help Overall i would give this game a 8/10 and would recomend you download it esp since it's free and for a free game this is astounding
game-hours: 150.7
review: A bit grindy for RNG drops, but otherwise really cool. Space ninjas in space! What's not to like?
game-hours: 867.4
review: Bugframe: Gringfest 10/10 would grind my a** of .. again.
game-hours: 393.3
review: Sometimes this game makes my peepee become the big peepee 420/69
game-hours: 899.0
review: This game is one of those, which blended tons of good games into one, OP as level 69 Stalker (who mostly rapes you in solo Uranus missions), grinding game. Being a dude who overplayed Warframe and walking around the city might be quite dangerous. Stalker Cop , Harvester Chichuachua or three CoD players who sleep with your mother might get you. I said this game mixed tons of good games? Well, here they are : -Like in DotA 2, on most of Europeans servers you will see "" in chatlog when they die and you don't have time to revive them... -Imagine Crack and Civilization series have sex with each other. Well, this is the result... -Mirror's Edge was one of those parkour games that everyone enjoyed.Faith was able to carry and run with weapons those weighed grams.In Warframe you can also run fast with Gram... which weighs about 100 kg... -This game ain't racist at all, you are just a black, skinny guy, which often steals stuff from dead bodies... -You can see that Earth Planet is occupied by Russians. Why? Because in Soviet Warframe, Earth missions rapes you... To sum up, OP game, never give up if you just can't get Cronus blueprint. 10/10 , would collect 7 dragon balls to play this game without often DDOS attacks.
game-hours: 1500.5
review: I love this game! I'll play every day 6-7 hours!
game-hours: 1510.3
review: Game takes is a bit of a grind to get going but its a fun mob shooter. End game is lacking but the devs are constantly updating the game. Game keeps getting better and better every other month.
game-hours: 116.5
review: Awesome game, i run it at full graphics and i have to say this game looks amazing! Awesome gameplay, if you like a good story line and action,3rd person games, this game is definately for you!!
game-hours: 917.6
review: Really good looking , a lot of lights and special effects for a free-game. Real money don`t really change anything , just make the game faster for making itens and etc...Good in the theory , but after some time it`s get boring. They make some really nice events , but even with some friends I don`t have pacience to play.
game-hours: 7.8
review: Pros: +Multiplayer +Good graphics which supports PhysX, directX 11 and x64 bit processing +More then 10 heroes with specific skills +Character customization with upgrades and cosmetic items +Cyberpunk with ninjas Cons: -So many things are not completed yet -Bad melee combat Gameplay - 7/10 Graphics - 8/10 Game interface - 6/10 Game options - 8/10
game-hours: 87.6
review: Best farming simulator with guns and katanas.
game-hours: 1003.6
review: Best game for never give-up gamer.
game-hours: 441.2
review: Warframe is a form of FPS shooter/close-quarters combat game that is intensly immersive and very well designed between the way combat works and the amazing graphics, there are quite a few classes and you can do many different things from assainations to all out kill everything that moves, you can play with meele or charge around with your guns n stuff SIngle player: Playing alone means less mobs and easier missions all around very fun to do, and sometimes better to play as for certain things Multiplayer: massively amusing and you can play with freinds and just cut down hoards with help Overall i would give this game a 8/10 and would recomend you download it esp since it's free and for a free game this is astounding
game-hours: 966.6
review: pleasehelpme this game is sucking my life away by the minute and i cant do anything about it
game-hours: 673.3
review: How can I put this into words... If you took the multiplayer co-op from Mass Effect 3, then gave them three extra years to produce and tune it into a full-fledged multiplayer experience; then, you take that game and force feed it piles of amphetamine and hallucenogenic substances. In it's drunken, ball-tripping state, you then force breed said game with Ninja Gaiden. The resulting spawn from this unholy union of games is: WARFRAME. Tripped-out, beautiful, intense, challenging, strategic, with incredibly well-developed depth, and... fun. Really one of the greatest all-around co-op experiences I've found. Can't recommend this one enough to anyone I've ever gamed with. If I had to balance this review with one caveat, it would be that the game is only marginally "free-to-play". New players are going to be at a severe disadvantage if they're unwilling to drop a bit of cash on it. This doesn't bother me in the least; I'm of the generation that doesn't mind paying someone for their efforts. Especially when the final product is this great. Let me put it this way: I've put a lot more money into much less deserving titles, with much less value to show for it. That's all for now. Do yourselves a favor and check this one out. TL;DR download Warfame
game-hours: 393.3
review: Sometimes this game makes my peepee become the big peepee 420/69
game-hours: 80.4
review: I like pressed play right... and my mum told me i had to put the washing out and i was like....... so i started playing the game and it was like super crayz doriotos... but i only said that cause my friend was getting doritos.... but i havent played the game yet because like its downloading.... so uh yea.
game-hours: 2897.5
review: its ok
game-hours: 496.9
review: Much pewpew, very space ninja, so gud. 10/10
game-hours: 213.6
review: Be a space pirate kill,steal,hijack 10/10
game-hours: 2897.5
review: its ok
game-hours: 43.8
review: Amazing Gameplay! Super worth the wait to download and the pricing in game content. Lots of Fun playing it!
game-hours: 927.4
review: Ninja holding a gun and can shoot in the space.. yes plz :D
game-hours: 15.4
review: Nice suits
game-hours: 889.8
review: This game now takes up most of my time because there is so much to do, and it gets better if you play with friends!
game-hours: 461.0
review: i pressed the button '4' and won it's ok/10
game-hours: 475.5
review: Space ninjas.
game-hours: 75.4
review: Best Pay to Win game ever 10/10
game-hours: 3.3
review: This is a real eye-opener game. Unique design concept deep heart and it made a very good detail. Plot is entirely inferior to Hollywood blockbusters. Role model is very fine, making good interface. So what? You worth trying to play! . ... .. !......, .......
game-hours: 238.7
review: goodgame lots of fun
game-hours: 10.5
review: Well I guess its one of the best Co-op games out there!!
game-hours: 248.6
review: Badass space ninjas with guns
game-hours: 13.2
review: To play for free, you need to grind like a boss.  that. Awesome game tho.
game-hours: 176.8
review: I managed to get my whole team killed because I was scanning barrels instead of helping. ing amazing/10
game-hours: 683.9
review: PROS: be a lumpy parkour cyborg for hundreds of hours, spend real money on color swatches, fight the same three enemy types forever, grind credits, grind crafting materials, grind blueprints, grind weapon pieces, grind warframe pieces, grind credits again CONS: ????? ? ? ?
game-hours: 1260.7
review: As a veteran with 1100 hours of playing this game, I simply don't recommend this. This is nothing but a grindfest and the devs have repeatedly acknowledged about this but nothing has changed to lessen the grind. Every time they say that they are working on reducing grind, they put in another grindwall which always bigger than the previous one. Here is a quote from a veteran who had already quited the game just like me:
game-hours: 1357.9
review: I have been playing this game since the begining and this game is fantastic. Visuals are spectactular, animations simply beautiful. With the game ever so changing as time goes on, you have can witness its developement. With the game focusing on the mainly PvE aspect this is a great game to play with your friends. Up to 4 player Co-op in an intense 3rd person PvE action game. And its all free!
game-hours: 203.3
review: This game is a highly addicting game. As you progress onwards into the game this F2P game becomes more and more P2P with the fact that you will realize that you do not want to spend another week farming the same one type of enemy, boss, or mission to get that item that you want. It becomes very repetitive very fast. If you like losing money and wasting your time or love grinding for 8 hours every day for 3 weeks just to get one upgrade, part, or item, then this game is for you! If you are not a crazy person who wants to play this game then here are some other suggested factors that will soon come into play once you embark on this horrific adventure... : You will start to loose free time in your day :You will start paying for a F2P game : You start to shrug off friends to play a computer game :You start to become an isolationist : You start getting in arguments with your wife :You get a divorce with your wife :You skip your court date to ensure that you get to ever see your kids : you block out all interactions with the outside world: You forget to pay your bills : You loose your car : You forget to pay for your house loan : you loose your house : You then revert to public libraries and coffe shops to set up your computer in : you get kicked out of coffe shops and libraries : You still go back to coffe shop and libraries : you get your computer confiscated :You then sleep out side inside a tree hut : You think you are a space ninja and practice jumping and running from tree to tree : You fall and break your legs : You goto hospital : You sneak on hospital computer during the night to play Warframe : You are then sedated by security gaurd : You wake up in jail : You remember that you couldnt pay medical bills : You can't resist the urge to play Warframe so you try to escape from jail as a Space ninja : a man on Meth helps you escape : you get out and then buy Meth from that man : you are now addicted to meth : You think you are a real space ninja : You jump from car to car : You then jump from bridge to car : You are on meth so you dont realize that the car is moving : You get hit by the car : You loose all Limbs : You cant play Warframe or be a space ninja : You revert to eating dirt to stay alive : You then get pissed on by a homeless man who is on meth : You realize that you are now below a man that is on meth : A giant Eagle picks you up : You are then carried to the Eagles nest : You then are eaten alive : Then you are puked back up by the Eagle : You then are given to the baby Eagles as food................ Don't Be A Limbless Man Who Has Had Their Life Ruined By WarFrame..... UNINSTALL OR DELETE ALL TRACES OF WARFRAME NOW AND SAVE YOUR SELF BEFORE THE METH KICKS IN!!!
game-hours: 91.8
review: I gotta say when i saw this game, at first i was hesitant. But now that i have tried it out, oh my god i was missing out. This game is really fun. But to me, its one of those games that is fun in short sessions. Playing this too long will make this get boring really quick. But in short sessions with friends is alot of fun especially with thor :3 I am a noob at this game for now. But i will get better :3 10/10
game-hours: 557.4
review: Zaebis vashe
game-hours: 13.6
review: One of the better free to play games. Recommend it to people who liked Diablo or Borderlands.
game-hours: 165.6
review: my personal favorite and its free!
game-hours: 64.4
review: too big difference between those people who are paying money for game and playing for free\
game-hours: 374.8
review: RUBBISH GAME ! Warframe should pay me to play this nonsense ! DONT ACCEPT INVITES TO PLAY THIS GAME ! they trying to get free stuff from recruiting you !
game-hours: 447.3
review: This game is basically about grinding for new ''cool'' stuff. There is not much motivation to make you complete missions other than to level up, and grind your gears. The events are pretty fun, since then there is stuff to do, like... a quest or a good mission. Other than that, this game falls flat. Not because of the bugs or glitches, but because of the lack of entertaintment, unless you liek grinding alot for stuff and look cool.
game-hours: 73.3
review: the best thing since sliced bread... BECAUSE NOW YOU CAN FREAKIN SLICE THE LOAF INTO TINY LITTLE BITE SIZE PIECES WITH YOUR MAGICAL ENERGY KATANA YYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1.3
review: nice game :3
game-hours: 81.8
review: The Update 6 and 7 era is when I played this the most. I loved playing every minute of that era. Now though, with all the new stuff they added and various things, such as the UI, mechanics, and sounds being replaced/edited, It's not the same. I may have stopped playing because of what they did to it, but if you haven't played it before there is a slight possibility you might enjoy it.
game-hours: 1838.5
review: Great game period. Just a warning.....It can be very addictive, IF you don't like that don't install this f***ing game. But if you do go INSTALL IT! xD
game-hours: 0.5
review: sweet game
game-hours: 16.2
review: This game is one of the largest wastes of time you could invest in. Despite the fact that the sci-fi elements are intriguing, and promise a feeling of exploration and satisfaction, it satiates neither thirst. The game instead reduces the player to hacking and slashing, or firing guns blazing at hordes of faceless and uninspired 3D models, that don't deserve the title of enemy. They run and shoot towards you blindly, almost as blindly as you attack them, to an insignificant goal. Your rewards are next to none, assuming you don't invest over 150 hours a week (in which case this game may satisfy your urge for bland weaponry). If you so desire either weapons or new "warframe" suits, then you must resort to dedicating your career to this abomination or you must purchase the over-priced "platinum" currency. "For only $15 USD this single weapon could be yours!" is a paraphrase of their store's radio jingle. If you desire a pitfall in your life, then by all means sacrifice your wife and child's well-being to grind for that new "warframe" suit, but if not, don't subject yourself to the boredom and microtransactions.
game-hours: 129.5
review: havefunGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDhavefunGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDhavefunGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRINDGRIND
game-hours: 605.4
review: dis game DIS GAME! make u like pokemon trainer, catch those all weapon/warframe try them 1 by 1, leveling them, make them love sometime u dont have slot for them u sell the part of ur prime for them, that how u love them! new pokemon come every update, u tired catch them all but that ur hobby, UR LIKE! u cant leave this game, u cant gud luck m8 dont forget "CATCH'EM ALL!!"
game-hours: 185.0
review: I was only thirteen years old, I loved warframe so much. I had all the Weapons and Frames. I prayed to Warframe every night before bed thanking it for the life I have been given. "Warframe is love" I say, "Warframe is life." My dad hears me and calls me a . I knew he was just jealous of my devotion to Warframe. I called him a . He slaps me and sends me to go to sleep. I'm crying now and my face hurts. I lay in bed, it's really cold. A warmth is moving towards me... I feel something touch me... It's Rhino! I'm so happy. He is my favourite Warframe He whispers in my ear "This is my ship." He grabs me with his powerful hands, and puts me on my hands and knees. I'm ready. I spread my keyboard and mouse for Rhino. He penetrates my TV screen. It hurts so much, but I do it for Rhino. I can feel my screen cracking and my eyes start to water. I push against his Iron skin and armour, I want to please Rhino. He roars a mighty roar as he fills my screen with love. My dad walks in. Rhino looks him straight in the eye and says, "It's all Broken now." Rhino leaves through my window. Rhino is love. Rhino is life <3 10/10 Ruined my life
game-hours: 777.1
review: Hey there, Tenno! Looks like you're interested in playing Warframe. Maybe its sleek character designs and world aesthetics that ring equal parts Japanese sentai ranger/tokusatsu superhero and Western science fiction caught your eye. Or maybe the promise of an invigorating third-person shooter experience meshed with light RPG progression elements got your attention. If you enjoy: - Endless grindwalls and microtransaction temptations at every meaningful gameplay decision - A vacuum of engaging content beneath those grindwalls - Undocumented stealth nerfs and obfuscating excuses for these changes by developers - Unfinished projects explained away by the promise that these features will be fixed "at some point in the future" - A lack of transparency between developers and players - A clear lack of direction for exactly what the game wants to accomplish - Game developers who constantly run away from their mounting self-created problems Then you will probably like Warframe. Enjoy your stay. If not, I would suggest playing another game.
game-hours: 1112.7
review: I've put so many hours into Warframe, waiting for it to realize it's full potential, but it just never happened. The developers seem so out of touch with what makes their game fun, and don't seem to listen to their community at all. This is depressing.
game-hours: 1057.1
review: I was hammered in my suit. 63/10
game-hours: 2869.3
review: I love this game so many hours and so much content.
game-hours: 356.5
review: recomend. it was the  when i got it, now i just have to pay for everything i want to unlock,
game-hours: 1.1
review: Excellent title for FTP
game-hours: 15.7
review: Yea veery good
game-hours: 22.7
review: 10/10 good
game-hours: 268.0
review: Gotta say really great game, Been playing it since its beta phase and its only managed to get better and better. 10/10 would reccomend.
game-hours: 246.6
review: This is awesome game. Very awesome!
game-hours: 8.2
review: Iz gud
game-hours: 191.0
review: I.... My . It's swollen with blood. I cannot think very clearly. You will do one of two things : A) Play for 2-5 hours and think "eh... I don't get it", and stop. B) Press on when you have a feeling like you aren't getting anywhere. Than 100 hours will disappear like a dry fart that you overlook while in an intense game of Lag of Legends. I am B. B for ..? B for...balls... my testicles are so swollen from sitting for so many hours.. Ninjutsu Spaceru Help me, Senpai
game-hours: 15.2
review: Ok, Pros: Fast paced shooting mechanics, decent sword mechanics. Good mobility, customization not that good but workable. Teamwork, can still play solo however. And a stealth and free-run mechanic. Nvidia graphics and Physics! Cons: You will NEVER get into PvP becuase of "Your inventory ### doesn't meet the requirements." Unfair, if not almost cheating AI. Cash store always dangled in front of your face. When the game adds a new playable Warframe, it feels like "YOU MUST PAY." in order to play it. Feels unrewarding. Buggy beyond beleif, but that's because its an MMO. Near impossible to join a guild/clan. Notorius time waster. Lotus voice. Overall: I enjoyed this game for a few days, but between DRM, lack of commmunication with other players, and cash store ads. I reached my Pain; enjoyment thresh hold. It just seems like a time waster, and you never feel like you accomplish anything, unless you sink in $$$ of course. If you need to waste a few hours go ahead, but it just felt to as if there was no point to doing ALL of the same repeating missions OVER AND OVER again. It's up to you.
game-hours: 991.5
review: 10/10. Definetly.
game-hours: 300.4
review: This game is filled with ups and down but over all the gme is very good in all the aspects of the fight and firefights I verymuch enjoy this game and will being playing this game until my eyes bleed but i dont think i will let it get to that point althought i cant make any promises so if your thinking about playing/downloading this game do it is seriously Awesome and i recommend it to everyone i know!!
game-hours: 33.5
review: I would recommend this game to people who are used to the diablo style of grinding, as well as have a group of friends to play along with. This game can get very tiresome fast unless you form a clan or join one and do missions with your clan mates. Pvp is also not were it should be, it has a lot of balancing to do but has a ton of potential.
game-hours: 93.1
review: Damned fun game. Takes some time to get into, but it's great for a F2P.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Aliens N
game-hours: 87.9
review: Really good. Better than the average bear. YOU SHOULD PLAY IT
game-hours: 121.7
review: Set in the far reaches of outer space during a new Dark Age, WARFRAME introduces the Tenno, a race on the brink of extinction after being enslaved by the Grineer for centuries. Players enter WARFRAME on the cusp of the Grineer's victory over the Tenno until they begin to arm themselves with WARFRAMES - an ancient exo-skeletal technology only they can operate. Hidden within the Orokin Derelicts of a lost civilization, new WARFRAMES lie dormant and undiscovered. These artifacts are the Tenno's only hope for survival. With the lack of a Pay to Win system and easy engagement for new players, Warframe offers some quality time. As a free-to-play game, Warframe is a nice surprise that sets the base for a promising future. Warframe isn't anything special. It's not revolutionary, exceptional or timeless. Still - every time I returned to the game, it kept playing for at least an hour (without regret). Digital Extremes has made an enjoyable, engrossing, spectacular game. Especially, when you find yourself a team or - even better - invite some friends. If you need a new opportunity to slaughter aliens, you should try Warframe.
game-hours: 11.5
review: This game is AWESOME!
game-hours: 85.3
review: Jogo de mmo gratis e stico
game-hours: 158.6
review: Brilliant!
game-hours: 7.9
review: This Is very Cool game :))) I like the way the graphics are :)
game-hours: 514.7
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 43.1
review: Forget the review scores, I too thought this was a hopeless, lag-infected game back in the day.. but it's come a LONG way. Silky smooth, frantic gameplay, gorgeous environments and an edgy sci-fi storyline that echoes EYE Divine Cybermancy but plays like Mass Effect. Thrilling stuff, get around it!
game-hours: 165.6
review: I spawned then died 10/10
game-hours: 7.8
review: Its fun
game-hours: 3.7
review: This game is awesome, I have no other words for something like this... Except... Maybe... Nah, just awesome
game-hours: 2995.9
review: My review got hacked by the Grineers.
game-hours: 104.0
review: giggity
game-hours: 117.7
review: Been playing it for few days. Free game but with the usual 'you need to use real money to progress'. However it was balanced. Those who don't want to spend money can opt to grind which is not much of time consuming if done correctly. Good game with need of improvement, particularly on the glitch and the usual complaint of 'Failed to Join Session' when opting to play with others.
game-hours: 39.7
review: yolo
game-hours: 47.0
review: This game is fantastic. can hardly believe this is free to play. the controls are tight, accurate and the theme is overall BADASS.
game-hours: 5.5
review: 12/10
game-hours: 512.9
review: Let's get one thing perfectly clear: The trailer for this game lies. It does not actually represent the gameplay accurately, and this is turning away many who would otherwise greatly enjoy it. Here's what the game is actually about: You, and up to three of your companions, in high-grade military light power armor, insert into a space station or groundside base (that is procedurally generated!) with an objective. You are outnumbered. You are outgunned. You are in unfamiliar terrain. Accomplish your objective by any means neccessary. Good luck.
game-hours: 10.7
review: Yes, play this game its awesome and dont  about its pay to win, it takes time. good luck! ^_^v
game-hours: 194.4
review: Best game ever 10 out of 10
game-hours: 45.9
review: one of the best free to play game i have ever played
game-hours: 177.7
review: Best online Free-to-play Sci-Fi action Shooter!
game-hours: 698.1
review: am am amm
game-hours: 132.7
review: doidoo
game-hours: 1369.7
review: Warframe is a very well made free to play 3rd person PVE co-op action game, set in a futuristic version of our solar system. Currently in beta and it has been for more than a year but do not let that put you off, this game deserves at least a moment of your time. You take control of a Tenno, a member of a mysterious race of long forgotten warriors. The name Warframe refers to the suits of exo-armour used by the Tenno in battle. The idea for Warframe grew from a 2008 game by Digital Extremes, Dark Sector. The two games share the same universe and there is some evidence to support the theory that Dark Sector's protagonist is still alive in some form in Warframe's far future. Missions in Warframe come in several flavours; extermination, survival, defence and boss battles are just a few of the challenges you can expect to face. The levels are procedural generated from tile sets so even if the same level is played repeatedly there will be map variations every time. Although PVP does exist in the game (conclave and a duelling room) the main focus is PVE, 4 player squads versus all this grim future has to throw at them. There is so much content in this game, I'm only going to scratch the surface. Customisation is vast and varied with new content added frequently. All the standard guns you would expect are here, assault rifles, pistols, shotguns, sniper rifles and much more. Bows, bizarre energy weapons, flame throwers and a huge amount of melee choices. Weapons and frames can be modded too, need more health and shields? No problem, apply the mods to your frame and then level them up for more health and shields. There are hundreds of mod cards to boost or add stats, elemental damage mods can be mixed to create different effects and a refined melee combat system has been added recently. There is no shortage of customisation in the looks department either, colour palettes, alternate helmets, badges, skins and a tonne of accessories. Looking good in Warframe does come with a real world cost, most of the cosmetic upgrades will require you to buy platinum. Of course Warframes are different beyond their appearance, each frame has 4 special powers bound to it, these range from direct attacks to team heals, mind control to invisibility, team buffs and enemy de-buffs. The list goes on and on. Each Warframe has different base stats. All frames can run, slide, jump and wall-run. There are plenty of hidden areas and shortcuts that can only be accessed by chaining together jumps and wall-runs. The graphics look great and really come alive during combat. Environments range from murky swamps to the divine radiance of the Void. The soundtrack and sound effects are also of a high standard, weapons sound like they look and feel. The drum heavy ost helps to keep the action pounding along and that first 10 seconds of music on the login screen will always make me think of the Terminator theme, another plus for WF. Character animations are fluid, character physics are a bit floaty. I have seen the handling of Warframes compared to "steering a boat" but personally I've never had a problem with it and the at times Wile E Coyote like momentum. There are downsides too, this game is a time sink and the only way to avoid those long hours spent grinding is your money, buy some plat and get that stuff instantly. Loads of my friends have quit playing when they find out about the 12hr wait on the parts needed to build a new Warframe then the 3 day build time on the actual Warframe. Again this has never been a big issue for me. I could easily keep going for another 700 words, more pros and cons, explain more about the game and expand on those points I've mentioned but this is the bottom line. Warframe is a fantastic game that has done nothing but improve in the time I've played it.
game-hours: 14.6
review: its a good game and very fun to pplay. love the slidey slidey thing. it DOES however get repetetive after a while.
game-hours: 121.3
review: I've seen things you people wouldn't believe... Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-Beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser Gates.... All those... Moments, will be lost... In time... Like tears, in rain... Time, to die...
game-hours: 614.6
review: An excellent little gem of an MMO, this Free-to-Play has no point that demands you to enter PvP or cough up for some premium currency, though, both are an option. This is only further complimented by the mix of platformer and third-person shooter that's balanced just right. The only reasons you could hate this game would be if you couldn't stand the lore, or simply don't like the game's composition. There are sections that cater to every level of skill, and force nobody to stay within or go beyond them. Get into Warframe, but bring friends if you want a crew to work with you for more than one or two missions.
game-hours: 9.3
review: u basically play as a space ezio.....
game-hours: 285.2
review: 69 AND 72 HAD A BABY
game-hours: 360.8
review: Takes a while to get the hang of it but is very fun
game-hours: 24.6
review: If this game was a bowl of ramen, then it would be a very good bowl of ramen.
game-hours: 1.1
review: its good but the community is mostly idiots its impossible to co-op stealth because everyone else just charges in blasting everything and gettting you detected
game-hours: 5.8
review: Amazing game to play with your friends! Very awesome and it takes true skill to be good!
game-hours: 2264.4
review: U14 - So revolutionary it kicks me whenever I log in.
game-hours: 170.7
review: Its A bit hard to get the grasp of the foundry and modding system at first but its well worth the task once you figure that out its smooth sailing from there it has a good survivability and technically doesnt require you to spend one cent even though its easier.
game-hours: 1.2
review: well uh, this game has good graphics. thats about it. :\
game-hours: 22.8
review: This is what happens when you marry the excitement of the Mass Effect Trilogy to the Gears of War Franchise, you would have Warframe. If you enjoy both those games, the visuals of Mass Effect, and all it's Sci-Fi goodies, and just want hords of baddies coming at you. Get this game.
game-hours: 232.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 78.0
review: i really love warframe butthey need to add more wild on earth, hope that happends!!
game-hours: 41.4
review: I went into Warframe thinking it'd just be another ORION: Dino Horde. ...After about 6 hours of nonstop gameplay, a lack of a need to purchase in-game items with real money, jumping into bulletfest after bulletfest, and an utter addiction to being a proper freakin' gun-and-sword-weilding space ninja, I said otherwise.
game-hours: 18.4
review: This game is proof that the whole 30/60fps debacle is utter . This game is just one frame, a warframe, and it still looks really good. It's obvious that fps is completely irrelevant to the smoothness of the visuals in a game. Just one frame is enough to make a game look and run smoothly.
game-hours: 318.6
review: Absolutely amazing for a free to play game!
game-hours: 1567.1
review: Free to play game with a large and unexpectedly nice community. This game is good for people who have been looking for an alternative to the multiplayer of Mass Effect 3. Just worthy of note that the game has an extended grind once you get into the mid-to-late game. Also noteworthy is that melee is not as gratifying as other games in the MMORPG scope. Gory, yes, but repetitive after going through all the different animation sets available for melees currently in the game.
game-hours: 426.7
review: It is AWESOME, lots of running, stabbing, shooting and SPACE NINJAS, i highly recommend it to anyone who likes 3rd person running and gunning.
game-hours: 74.4
review: Suprisingly fun for a free to play game. At least until you get tired of grinding constantly for new weapons. Still, worth a try.
game-hours: 365.8
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1101.3
review: Get dis game, it is extremely fun and is the one game I have that always seems to pull me back, no matter what.
game-hours: 795.4
review: Broken~ Literally broken~
game-hours: 3.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 225.4
review: Ive been playing warframe for a year and a half now, and i can say it is the best MMOFPSRPG game ever. The graphics are amazing, the customizability is exstensive, and the gameplay itself is addicting. This game is not for everyone, particularly in the sense that it's not a normal MMO.
game-hours: 619.0
review: It's very hard to believe this is a free to play game. It takes many machanics from other games I enjoy and uses them in a way that makes you want to keep playing. You will lose hours.
game-hours: 469.5
review: A REALLY COOL GAME for heavy machines and even normal ones
game-hours: 156.0
review: This game is pretty great, if you like space ninjas and eviscerating things, this game is the one for you.
game-hours: 46.4
review: This is a very fun and adicting game with a fast pace and shooter aspect. Fun for all types of gamers!
game-hours: 204.1
review: -10/10 Would Bang-
game-hours: 204.1
review: -10/10 Would Bang-
game-hours: 104.3
review: THIS IS ON OF THE MOST AMAZING GAMES IVE EVER PLAYED ON STEAM AND I KNOW WHY EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT IT .. THE AMAZING SPACE NINJAS AND GREAT WEAPONS PLUS THAT SWEET PARKOUR IS THE BEST MIX!!!! :3
game-hours: 690.7
review: lel
game-hours: 178.4
review: I downright LOVE this game! It's chaotic fast action with space ninjas! Play however you want with a wide variety of weapons and abilities, which you can then further customise with mods (add-ons to your weaponry and Warframes that add effects such as increased stamina or fire damage). Honestly one of the best free-to-play games on Steam, AND IT'S STILL IN BETA. However, I do recommend a decent computer.
game-hours: 209.9
review: You're a space ninja with an obsession for grinding, you grind for more space ninjas and space ninja weapons so you can grind for better grinding weapons, the end game consists of trying to grind the hardest and surviving literal hours against waves of increasingly more difficult versions of enemies you've fought before, possibly over thousands of times before. I've lost control of my life/10
game-hours: 337.8
review: Great game with a unique aesthetic, frequent content updates, and fun combat. Unfortunately, the lack of an overall story or objective tends to make it feel like an endless grinding simulator. If you can look past that, Warframe will provide hours upon hours of free entertainment. It's a good game to kill time and have stupid fun.
game-hours: 17.7
review: Best ever
game-hours: 753.4
review: The game is awesome and i reccomend it to people who like MMO PVE and some PVP and clans.
game-hours: 60.1
review: Let me be clear: Warframe is not a free to play game. It isn't. It says it is on the tin, and you can download, install, run, and play the game without paying a dime, but if you like the game and continue to play, you will pay. This makes the game more of a free demo with a flexible spending model. The premium currency is not inexpensive, and while everything gameplay-related can be made just through play, the time to grind and craft the mats is somewhat prohibitive. What makes the game less free to play is that weapon and character slots are severely limited and can only be unlocked through premium currency. Don't get me wrong, I still recommend the game. Even if you only play it a little bit and put it down. Four player coop through semi-random levels with a few diverse mission types. It's fun, if a little repetitive. Okay, after a while it gets damn repetitive when you know the layout of each individual block the level is made of and you're tired of your Warframe or weapon choice but can't even spend the time to grind for new ones because you don't have any more slots available so your only option is to delete one you already own which not only requires you to buy/craft it again if you want it back but also resets the level on it. I like this game, I do, even though it gets repetitive, but I don't want people going in to this thinking they aren't going to pay. I've already shelled out at least 20-30$ on this thing, and if I keep playing I'll wind up shelling out more. It's a pay-as-you-go and pay-if-you-want style game. If not being able to unlock everything through enough play time bothers you, this will drive you nuts. If you're willing to shell out occasionally because you like the game and think it is worth an amount of money from you, you might be okay. If you have problems with impulse control and have to have everything gameplay related, well... this'll be rough on your wallet.
game-hours: 110.4
review: extremely addictive
game-hours: 36.1
review: awsome!
game-hours: 1867.5
review: WOW this game is really good if you are new to steam and you want to play some free games this is one of the many games right next to no more room in hell besides that the game dose have a few bugs but not major anyways great game overall
game-hours: 758.7
review: Meh.
game-hours: 186.0
review: Its free to play, so it won't cost you anything to try it out. That being said, i would recommend it. Though after a while you will get bored of doing the same stuff over and over again. I would still be playing this game if there were more updates or more immersion in gameplay. Though i still recommend this game, as i have played it over a 100 hours myself.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Nice graphics, fun so far and reminds me of a few games I've played in the past.
game-hours: 43.4
review: This game is great. but i wouldnt play it if you want to spend at least 50 buck to at least past neptune though
game-hours: 446.2
review: Pretty awesome for a free game I would recommend to anyone that likes third person shooters.
game-hours: 568.9
review: I concur with previous statements, this game will indeed cook your bacon and end all EA representatives lives rather quickly, it's advised anyone with a phobia to photocopiers is to avoid playing this game unless wearing a hat made from horse hair.
game-hours: 550.0
review: Ninja Pirates in Space. What else would you expect?
game-hours: 163.4
review: This game has come such a long way since release. Now I can't stop playing it. Everything in the game can be unlocked as long as you put some time into it, so even if there are a lot of purchasable items and equipment, you can still be on par with those players. The combat is extremely fluid, physics are wonderful, graphics are fu**ing amazing, and the diversity in the frames and weapon builds make it fun to show off to your friends.
game-hours: 918.2
review: a definite must have, just download and see, once you start playing you wont stop, ive been playing since ive downloaded it.
game-hours: 220.9
review: FUN
game-hours: 558.7
review: Very nice looking free to play game. Very addictive. Still a bit buggy, but there's a steady stream of updates and hotfixes. Devs are really responsive to player input.
game-hours: 1282.6
review: With the newest update (Update 14) changes have been made to make this game very new player friendly. This was a big issue with the game before- it just didn't accomodate new players well. So if you tried the game before and got frustrated with it, now's the time to come back and try again. Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
game-hours: 2.7
review: great game
game-hours: 17.6
review: Good game!
game-hours: 118.9
review: GG
game-hours: 103.5
review: An extremely fun game to play, lots of jumping, lots of movement. About spot on if your looking for a game that suits your taste of simple pve dungeon running. The levels do tend to get grindy. But what good ol' fashioned mmo isn't? Get this game! It's super fun!
game-hours: 92.8
review: It's fun when you get use to it.
game-hours: 197.4
review: You have a space sword. You are an alien. You are a ninja. You are murdering the degenerate human race, starting at Mercury and working your way out. It teaches you the basics but leaves room to learn. Play it. Join my cause. Stand with me against the perjuries of the wicked!
game-hours: 328.1
review: There is a voice inside me. Somewhere deep down in the fossilising lobes of my brain resides an eager mouth that calls in from my past. It is a youthful me, filled with irrational exuberance. It looks at the art and sci-fi glamour-gloom of Warframe and says: THIS IS THE STUFF!
game-hours: 152.8
review: best computer game i have ever played
game-hours: 1802.9
review: best f2p I have played so far. graphics and detail u expect from AAA game. Really addictive game definately check it out.
game-hours: 810.7
review: Free and awesome. Get it.
game-hours: 935.4
review: This game is amazing, good graphics, good gameplay, never get bored.
game-hours: 16.3
review: Avaruusninjoja O_O
game-hours: 4.2
review: The fact there's a 92,99 euro DLC for this game makes me think all sorts of stuff.
game-hours: 166.0
review: Very enjoyable
game-hours: 162.4
review: The game was very good, but it lacks support
game-hours: 1468.2
review: Awesome game! I loved it! One of the best looking free to play games i have ever played.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Space ninja VS Space marine
game-hours: 32.6
review: Baleza, tem xuco bo na bizard
game-hours: 193.0
review: A great game. I wasted my whole summerbreak with it.
game-hours: 114.1
review: Warframe is a co-op thirdperson action shooter. The player is given a nice variety of weapons they can work towards, though knew warframes will be what you spend most of your time working for. This is as this is a very heavily grind based game, and you will revisit the same missions over and over, depending on what you need to make your next item. The acrobatic mechanics add a very nice ascpect to the combat, allowing flips and wallruns. All of this is very nice, but in the games current state it lacks variety in enemy an missions, an the lore, which seems very nice, is given to you very lightly, leaving the best part of the game obfuscated. Warframe -7/10 Good! What is "Stalker?"
game-hours: 5.4
review: den/den
game-hours: 2.5
review: Sick game :P
game-hours: 655.6
review: More fun than a fat girl and a tub of crisco. I recommend that anyone who loves FPS's and MMO's give this a try.
game-hours: 903.8
review: One of the most interesting projects of 2013 that flowed into 2014 that I've seen. The game has all what a gamer needs. Guns, fancy karate gimmicks, swords. Two words: Space Ninjas. What is actually good that the game even tho is F2P but it does not follow a shadowy P2W path. You might be confused in the beggining, as getting the stuff, crafting, locations and controls. But when you get over it, you might as well like it. Another aspect that drives the attention. Constant new content updates from very friendly Developers. I might add that DEVs do take in considiration players ideas and implement ideas and throughts into a real thing. Almost all the stuff ingame can be aqquired just by playing the game, you just need to get over the beggining. BUT this game is still in beta. There could be bugs, there could be flaws. Currently DEVs implement tons of content every two months (aprox). In general this is a game that you might totally like or just play for two minutes and uninstall. Playing with friends is recomended.
game-hours: 16.4
review: Do you recommend this game? Of course I will, because it's damn good and fast action game. It's about team work and you would not miss it because it is not like other games like "pay to win". Here, everything depends on your skills and reaction, about your accuracy and moving style. So go on and download it. You won't be disapointed.
game-hours: 1682.4
review: With no doubt, one of the best F2P games. First of all it is actually free, meaning, everything in the game is obtainable without spending a single penny thanks to the in-game trading system. That speaks to DE's generosity. Fantastic customization options for both weapons and frames, Stunning visuals, addictive gameplay and a lot more, have made me to spend more than 600 hours of my time into this game. Recommend it to any and every gamer.
game-hours: 47.6
review: Damn nice with light-detailed graphics,+ story line is amazing.Highly ercommended!
game-hours: 1665.7
review: This is one of those rare games that isn't addictive because you're grinding for the best gear, or hunting achievements, or any of the other conventional gameplay gimmicks; it's addictive because simply playing the game is so damn fun. The gunplay and swordplay, mixed with fluid parkour-style movement around the maps, makes the action in this game very dynamic. You'll want to log in and bash baddies not because you need materials to make that new gun (although that's also a worthy goal)... you'll want to log in because playing the game is like living out your own personal sci-fi action movie. With ninjas. In space. Space ninjas. Almost forgot to put that part in here.
game-hours: 441.3
review: Great game and free content every month ! Long time fun guarantees ! No pay2win !
game-hours: 311.2
review: Yay
game-hours: 708.4
review: Amazing guns blazing or stealth shooter for anyone who likes space and/ or ninjas :D
game-hours: 13.0
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun. It's a game about space ninjas destroying space nazis and futuristic EA representatives. I don't think I need to say any more here.
game-hours: 18.2
review: Perfect xbox Controller Support! Best i seen yet! Game is great! Loveing every second of it!
game-hours: 886.2
review: I don't even know where to start with this game. It's just awesome!!
game-hours: 63.8
review: Changed my life as much as chipotle did: entirely
game-hours: 0.8
review: Cool game :3
game-hours: 15.1
review: Overall game is good , but it lack in tutorial of the game and helps section
game-hours: 397.9
review: The game is great , one of the best Free to play games I've ever played - only played 123 hours so far. The amount of grinding that needs to be done and missions to complete of different difficulties makes it so that the player can never say "i've done everything" without properly playing the game for hours upons hours. A good selection of warframes (different characters basically) to make and use. Missions like survival make it fun to play with friends for a long period of time and with so much bosses and items to collect one can not be bored. I'll give this a 8/10 due to the fact that I haven't tried the PVP nor have I ventured deep enough in the game (i.e. the HIGHIEST missions) to give a full review. I'll mostly give this a 9 after venturing further and maybe a 10 once i get in to the PVP and so fourth. Also there are many glitches and beta issues that pop up from time to time, for example people getting disconnected as soon as a game starts / people getting kicked from the party at "extraction" and so fourth. But Overall for a BETA - this game is pretty awesome. So 8/10 for now and it can only get better in my opinion, TRY IT OUT!
game-hours: 405.4
review: its ok
game-hours: 62.3
review: You can have a sword,a pistol and a bow.And its in the long long future.Why wouldn't you have plasma cannons and stuff??BECAUSE  YOU,I CAN KILL 'EM WITH IN BOW!! 9/10 wanted a polearm too
game-hours: 1209.3
review: This game masters the feeling of freedom and pure ninja-esque abilities. Wall running, stealth kills, slide attacks, and they all feel natural and flow easily. Only thing that could make this better is bullet time. Not to mention the game looks pretty as hell AND if that wasn't enough, it's god damn free. FREE! Best damn free game since TF2.
game-hours: 302.7
review: Fun game, For people who like FPS and Jrpg grind style games. Update: You get to to ramp up weapons and warframes and make your own satisfying OP builds XD
game-hours: 20.9
review: All you need to know is that this game is ing awesome .
game-hours: 418.1
review: DE Drove this one home, great gameplay, awesome Community interaction. Perfectly seamless blend ofTPS/MMO/CoOp I've never had a taste for CoOp games, but Warframe is an exception. The arsenal well more than makes up for the repetitiveness, and the combat system In my opinion is well designed. they continue to update Warframe on a monthly basis (one major update a month), and they recently added player ships, Kurbrows, which are basically our equal of dogs, a new Warframe, dual machine pistols similar to the Russian Micro Uzis, and last update they added Katanas (Nikanas). I cannot wait to see what DE comes up with next. well done. -9.5/10
game-hours: 1225.0
review: A great FPS game that focuses on both solo and group play. Many players has given it the nickname grindframe as you have to grind for materials to build big and beter equipmnet; but it gets beter and more fun as you play. Warfame has a great community of friendly and considerate players and the Developers leave funny and silly comment in the game right before a major update. I highly recoment this game if you are a fan of FPS games.
game-hours: 361.9
review: Warframe? The Game Full Of Awesomeness! Give It A Try , I Sure U Wont Regret It =D
game-hours: 1065.1
review: Are you worried about this game being a free to play? Are you thinking that everybody who wasted money on it is going to have an advantage over you? Don't worry about it; This game has one of the best crafting systems I've ever seen in a free to play and it's completely possible to craft that weapon or warframe you're after simply by playing the game. That and the gameplay's bloody amazing. Give it a shot, you won't regret it.
game-hours: 373.6
review: Pretty good Free-to-play game.
game-hours: 1174.5
review: it does what it says on the tin.
game-hours: 796.4
review: GET THIS GAME YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. New things all the time and great support team too c:
game-hours: 7.6
review: Awesome game can't believe it's free!
game-hours: 673.2
review: NINJA's Really to play for FREE :)
game-hours: 1860.6
review: This is a grindy f2p game, so if you don't like to grind, then you should turn back. You can buy the weapons and Warframes you want right from the start (excluding the primes) if you're willing to dish out the cash, or you can buy them with the platinum you can get by trading items in-game. I worked my way up to rank 14 by grinding, and the feeling of accomplishment is worth it. Anyways, the game might get boring once you get to rank 8 and above, cause they don't really have many weapons that are unlocked with high ranks, so basically, when you reach rank 6, you'll be able to get the end-game stuff. The game is constantly updating with hotfixes or new content every week to keep the game from feeling too boring. I would like it if they added newer game modes, which they have done a couple of times before, so it is expected that they will bring more later on. The community is bustling, and you can make clans and alliances. I like being able to edit your own dojo, but once again, that gets boring after a while, and also takes a LOT of Forma, this resource in game that can only be grinded after you grind for keys, and it's not like you get Forma a lot. Anyways, besides the tedious grinding, it adds to the experience, unless you're really far into the game, otherwise, it might feel more like a hinderance. Loyalty to the game is also rewarded for logging in every day, and you get stuff like weapons you can only unlock from the daily rewards, and also discounts on platinum. Loyalty is also rewarded if you check the updates or site often, cause they usually put up these events with exclusive rewards that you can only get by doing the missions. Newer players may have missed many vandal weapons, but there are other weapons that are better than them in-game, so you're not missing out much. The only things that you may be missing out on are the exclusive mods from the events, where they could go for 100+ platinum in a trade. If you want to get stuff like this, just be sure to check the site occasionally. I highly recommend the game, it's fun. The community is pretty good, but once in a while, you may run into a troll or show-off, so yeah. Anyways, I hope this review was helpful.
game-hours: 71.2
review: Playing WF for 250+ hours with no steam makes me happy.
game-hours: 629.6
review: this is one of the best shooters iv played, sure its slow at the start but this game has so much to offer. lots of weapons,check, epic bosses,check, loot,of course, ninja skills,defintly. and everything is acessable for free, just have to unlock them
game-hours: 3.5
review: Really good game, there are still some bugs. Runs smooth, even on an older computer. Optimized really great. Sad there isn't any cross-platform.
game-hours: 76.4
review: This game is amazing. So much content and a company that releases updates constantly, and it's free! Great story and background, team work is a must. The whole presentation is crisp and clear, I would almost consider it out of BETA. MUST TRY THIS GAME, not pay to win at all, :D
game-hours: 0.1
review: Awesome action game to play with friends :D
game-hours: 288.9
review: SPACE NINJAS .
game-hours: 50.7
review: This game has changed a-lot (for the better) from when i last played it. it is now in my top 5 favorite games, instead of my top 5 worst games. 12/10 dolphins.
game-hours: 18.4
review: What more is there to do than recommend this game? First of all, it's free to play. This means you don't have to pay money to play it. It does not mean it will run like those flash-games that represented what was free to play just 5 years ago. (Although free to play used in the manner as it is used in Warframe it means you can play without paying, but paying could make the experience better. Nonetheless, as a non-paying user, I think for myself that it plays just fine for free.) Warframe's looks are equal to or better than most AAA releases and the gameplay is likewise. It might take more than a few hours of playing it to understand how to work it properly, and it doesn't always tell you excactly how to pull off every move, but this also leaves a lot of room for experimentation, which I think is one of the points where this game shines rather brightly. If you like ninjas, sci-fi, shooters, stealth actions or slashers, Warframe is likely to hit you in at least one good spot.
game-hours: 126.3
review: potato
game-hours: 8.1
review: I have no idea who and why am I killing all those things that are who and where but I totally enoyoj it... and u can upgrade ur .... definetly worth tryin... :D
game-hours: 333.5
review: Good game if you like free running and kicking the enemys  only bad thing about this game is the bugs and connection issues but then no one likes that stuff anyway
game-hours: 438.5
review: This game might repeat it-self a bit. Butt in the end of the day it is one of the most amazing F2P there is. with Hours of playing, tons of guns, characters and missions to unlock and play, not to mention it is co-op. this game is not one of those "Pay to Play" crap, in this game if you pay you only rush stuff up, everything that costs can be crafted whitch gives even more play time. In other words....DOWNLOAD IT. NOWWW. *Heavy voice*
game-hours: 5.4
review: Epic Game
game-hours: 43.8
review: Very good if you have a strong enough computer, awesome graphics and gameplay. Well worth playing.
game-hours: 4.2
review: Very futuristic, good graphics and effects.
game-hours: 3.0
review: its a very fun game
game-hours: 163.9
review: Now Warframe is a special type of game: its about you and the so called Teno. The Teno is a high technological grupe thats like assassins and guardians. They are all master of parcur. The nice thing about this game is that nomatter what your into there is usually somthing you will like. Fighting: There are plenty of maps to play and there is wave maps if you get board. Builder: You can get a clan and if you have a clan you can get a clan dojo which is this giant space ship you can build rooms in. Supporter: You can gather recorses to build on your dojo or make wepons and warframes. The downside is that when you have picked your first warframe(playermodle) you cant change it unless you buy a blueprint and make a new one or buy it for platinium. also the level decine is annoying becaus its the same goddame thing your running through the first 4-7 maps. But else then that the game is great and if you got friends you got a epic team.
game-hours: 473.3
review: This Game Is..... AWESOME
game-hours: 94.0
review: it's pretty ing sick
game-hours: 54.5
review: space ninjas! in space!
game-hours: 12.2
review: Very good game.. Dont worry about the other reviews... This game has been updated and is very good now... Highly recomend... The graphics are amazing and who doesnt like a game that allows you to climb walls?! Also its f*cking free.... Get it
game-hours: 3.5
review: it made me gay
game-hours: 407.9
review: Its amazing people should totaly play this game is an amazing guns and melle ninja game ever ive never seen anything like this before i will never stop playing this game forever because there is alot to explore in this game this is something the whole world should play to enjoy because im sure enjoying this.p.s to the producers of this game-good job! i love you guys for this game long live the tenno!!
game-hours: 861.6
review: Hours of gameplay straight to you for no cost! Weapons, frames, and missions golore! If you love dungeon crawlers and have a passion for third-person Shooters.... You will spend your time investing into this game. I know I have after 800+ Hours of non-stop grinding
game-hours: 6.2
review: The game is fun but it gets repetitive.
game-hours: 4.9
review: I was a little skeptical abou tthis game because I heard it was still in beta. But after I played for 20 hours on a friend's computer I am now hooked! With the great graphics and controls, the game just feels really fluid. There's little to no glitches and all around just a great game. Try it out for yourself and see!
game-hours: 720.5
review: I was a bit cautious about playing this game because I was afraid it would be Pay-to-Win.. But is actually possible to get everything in the game through standard gameplay. Weapon Mods, Parts, and Blueprints can be sold to other players in exchange for Platinum (the premium currency). The game is very fun to play, and there are Guns and Warframes (essentially characters) to accomodate just about any playstyle, whether you enjoy sniping from afar while cloaking yourself and sneaking around, running around shooting lightning from your ****ing hands, using magnetism to crush your enemies into oblivion, running in guns blazing and raising hell, getting up close and personal with your enemies and ripping them to pieces with one of the many, many melee weapons. Weapons, Warframes, and Sentinels can be built, leveled up, and modded with special abilities and perks with a surprising amount of customizability. All in all this game is very, very fun and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys playing Third-Person Shooters with online co-op. The community seems generally nice and willing to help out new players from what i've experienced.
game-hours: 215.5
review: Seriously: The only f2p title that ever kept my attention. First I thought: "Ugh, another 'pay to win' title" and worse, being kind of a Mass Effect ripoff. Then: Hey, whatever it is, its fun!!! It is tremendous fun. I like the fact that it is only PvE and PvP doesn't factor in at all. Most of the community is nice and fun, even if there are some di**s around, so even playing with random people is fun. Playing with friends is the best.
game-hours: 368.4
review: Space Ninjas
game-hours: 1.5
review: Perfect nauesea simulator, good graphics 8/10 would get sick again
game-hours: 14.9
review: Still better than COD
game-hours: 202.3
review: As I near my near my 200th hour in warframe, I still consider this one of the best games I have sunken my time into. MMO's are sort of my thing, I have played hundereds of hours in many diffrent games, and Warframe is by far the best I have played. Part of what makes it even more increadible is that they are still olny in Beta. I have been around since alpha, roughly patch 9.0 and I have been impressed with every minute. I love the feel of the game, the weapon system, the seemless incooperation of melee weapons, and especially the movement system. I alos appreciate that as a free to play, they have a live pay market, but that they have managed to make it possible to earn or craft nearlly anything in the game, making it not pay to win. As it stands I consider this one of the best Sci-fi games on the market, one of the best MMO's, and by far the best F2P MMo. It is especially great if you enjoy small group multiplayer, friend olny squads, and resource based crafting. While it currently lakes in story, hopefully to be fixed soon, it makes up for it in shear quality of game mechanics. I rate this roughly an 8.75 to 9.5
game-hours: 156.2
review: Plays like most FPS with smooth graphics and more coop missions. Few real solo-only mission so ban open upmost any map to let others spawn into you game and work as assault teams. Custom mods allow for a lot of variety (from weapon upgrades to cosmetics). Like many other games this can quickly go pay-to-win, however it is not required if you want to go slower and enjoy the experience as free-to play. Very pretty and fast graphics.
game-hours: 236.2
review: Warbros #1
game-hours: 1325.2
review: CYBORG MUTHA ING SPACE NINJAS WITH MAGIC
game-hours: 113.6
review: Awesome for a free game. lots of cool and different features.
game-hours: 10.7
review: very good game
game-hours: 605.5
review: Amazing game really worth time time to play, still seems abit unfinished but they add new content faster than even pay to play games its really impressive and cant wait too see them fullfill the potential this game has.
game-hours: 269.4
review: THIS IS THE BEST 3RD PERSON SHOOTER EVER I LOVE IT I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE JUST HAVE A GOOD COPUTER I HAVE A 200 DOLLAR COMPAQ PRESARIO WITH 3 GIGS OF MEMORY AND A NVIDA CARD AND IT CAN BARLEY PLAY IT XD
game-hours: 18.0
review: shocked that mt stock 3 year old pc can play this game. fun co-op
game-hours: 506.8
review: There are already many, many, many lovingly written out paragraphs-long recommendations of this game, so I'll avoid that. It's about you in a variety of powersuits that make Ironman wet his pants. And it's Free. Try it.
game-hours: 496.4
review: Easily one of the best looking free to play games on the market which is also not pay to win. On the other hand, this game is nothing but grinding. It is literally a grinding simulator at this point where you grind for resources to build equipment to more efficiently get more resources. It has gotten better, however, with added features and interesting ways to grind added since I last played several months back, with even more, even sexier grinding machines (Warframes) now. If you love grinding, this game is definitely for you. I personally like fun grinding. The game is supposedly in beta right now and I am quite interested to see what directions the developers are taking it.
game-hours: 1992.4
review: Warframe is definately the best game I've ever played. I was immediately hocked to the game, wanting to make as much progress as I could in it. There's no real way to say you don't like this game. I give it a 10/10! -Diamond4Gamez
game-hours: 2814.0
review: This is my favorite free to play game of all time. Actually, this is my favorite game of all time. Not a "pay to win" and the game has come A LONG way from when I started playing back in June 2013 as the game is constantly being updated with new warframes, weapons and cool features (plus bug fixes!). I was initially drawn in to the ability to jump kick your enemy in the face and perform a finishing move; this is still my favorite manuever. Grab some friends jump in - it's free!
game-hours: 88.2
review: Game looks just about good and as fun as the trailer and the screenshots.
game-hours: 893.4
review: Game about space ninjas, and ugly weridos, very fun
game-hours: 128.5
review: One of the best looking FTP games. Also, almost anything in the game (except some cosmetics) can be earned for free, so it's not pay to win in the least
game-hours: 21.8
review: ...
game-hours: 8.4
review: Space Ninjas. Nuff said.
game-hours: 236.2
review: Love this game!!
game-hours: 61.3
review: like this :D
game-hours: 376.1
review: WEE!!! IT REALLY IS THE BEST GAME!!!
game-hours: 0.8
review: WARFRAME IZ LUV WARFRAME IZ LYF. If you have ever wanted to be a ninja space cowboy ninja, without the cowboy, then get this game... its free, looks amazing, runs smoothly, and can be played many different ways. Such as if you want to be a true stealth ninja, or a raging tank of death, or that guy who plays support... like a boss
game-hours: 16.1
review: Sci-fi online shooter/slasher, oriented on cooperative gameplay. Missions with varied difficulty, assasination/espionage missions, various abilities to improve your character and weaponry (as well as levelling system for both your character and each weapon you use). Free-to-play, though you gonna pay some real money for some classy weaponry and characters, though it's totally okay to level up your starter set of weapons and your first character to a state of a kickass killing machine without no money spent at all! Not to mention crafting system - do missions on specified regions, collect resourses and make these weaponry and chars by yourself for free (and in-game funds). Good luck, have fun!
game-hours: 276.5
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 585.8
review: good game & great game developers. I've play this game since there's nothing fishy. and while I played this game for the main game, I see lots of updates! game dev team are so great, more of bugs fixed, many thing updates not only the weapons.
game-hours: 27.8
review: such a good game recomend this to everyone. its just such a good game!!!!!!
game-hours: 109.3
review: awsome game all i found was my firewall had blocked it so it wouldnt work
game-hours: 211.5
review: its fun to play
game-hours: 374.9
review: Out of all the games that i have played (probably about 208)this one is my most favourite
game-hours: 1246.6
review: it's ok
game-hours: 3.9
review: I think Warframe is a pretty cool guy. He fights aliens and doesnt afraid of anything
game-hours: 102.3
review: Space ninjas...
game-hours: 30.6
review: Pros: Action packed fun Cool graphics Cons: There are micro-transactions so it's nearly a pay-to-win scenario, or just "play a ton of hours to win" Very (very) repetetive gameplay
game-hours: 5.0
review: It's free. You get to play as a cyborg ninja. Get the friggin game.
game-hours: 350.6
review: definelty will recomend this game
game-hours: 12.0
review: Best Parkour simulator ever, 10/10
game-hours: 1095.7
review: Space Ninjas with swords, guns, and blob guns. If you need anything more than space ninjas with an arsenal of weapons that make you the coolest dude in space I've got the kicker.... There is also robots. 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 9.4
review: for a free to play third person shooter i would recomend this game to you as its got a good story mode the combat system is very sharp and you can also jump in and out of online mode as you please
game-hours: 1517.5
review: Its Space ninja with guns. Lots content updates, interesting lore and lots fan interaction.
game-hours: 408.0
review: Ninjas, space, guns, swords, salad. what else do you need?
game-hours: 1824.6
review: Feelin' Fine.
game-hours: 37.2
review: Amazing game with a lot of content that grabs your attention and challenges you to do more and try more. Would smash 10/10
game-hours: 995.9
review: Awesomely good game for free to play, awesome active devs, lots of fixes and big updates allmost every month. beats many non-ftp games 10-0. play it.
game-hours: 2292.5
review: Okay, so Warframe...What to say... Well first off, its a fun progressive game. More you progress the better you can play... With this being said It isnt in the slightest like other games that do the same deal. Warframes combat and just just overall friendly feel will keep you coming back. As many times as Ive tried to take a break from it, it ALWAYS managed to pull me back in. The community in-game is amazing...Most helpful bunch youll ever meet. Overall its an extremely addictive game, and vets might aswell connect your warframe to Steam for the free acheivements. Its definately worth it, I debated it for a bit but finally broke down and Did so. The game lately is going through some awesome changes, With a new melee system, New damage system and above all the new GUI and Upgrades to what the games been for awhile! Events that give you some neat and pretty powerful gear, Voids can grant you the power of an ancient race of beings through weapons and Frames. Unlike alot of FTP games it isnt P2W. Everything can be earned in game with time played. YEs there is a transaction option for people with less time and those who want to overall just support the devs. Need I say more? I possibly can't without writing a would be book! Try it for yourself, its constantly updated with new gooodies. Go on, download it :)
game-hours: 67.6
review: Fun Fun FUN!
game-hours: 191.4
review: 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 12.3
review: Awesome as dayum!!! Get it.
game-hours: 292.1
review: not bad
game-hours: 924.3
review: This game is a great blend of melee and fps with fun acrobatics and spells mixed in. I recommend spending enough time to create your own "Warframe" after running through the tutorial to get a feel of all the customization available. This is one of my favorite games, with a great matchmaking system, good loading times and cinematics, as well as skins and colors available for purchase if you want to personalize your Tenno even more.
game-hours: 21.0
review: it so very enjoy
game-hours: 2722.3
review: I've played this game more than any other Free to Play game. The reason is: It gets you into the action immediately Everything is free aside from weapon/warframe slots and Orokin Reactors and Catalysts and purely cosmetic stuff. It looks beautiful Great weapon variety Great playstyle variety Fast Paced action and quick loading times Decent enough community to help you when you need it There are a few issues you should know about: The game is a bit buggy and sometimes will crash (Doesn't happen very often) Anyone who is not a hardcore gamer will be turned off by the large amounts of repetitive gameplay and grind. The game is a bit on the easy side and whatever isn't easy is usually cheap. There's no real balance of difficulty Your favorite weapons or warframes might (or already have been) nerfed to the ground making them almost useless Overall I enjoy the game though and recommend it
game-hours: 0.4
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME ^_^
game-hours: 14.1
review: I love the unique aspect of a multiplayer campaign with multiple mission types. Really makes it a fun and unique experience!
game-hours: 566.8
review: Just Amazing.
game-hours: 639.4
review: Gioco veramente bello, il miglior ftp sparatutto online che ho mai provato, non  pay to win e puoi essere forte quanto vuoi 620 ore della mia vita spese bene :)
game-hours: 1208.2
review: I've played a bit. just a bit it's pretty neat
game-hours: 205.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 1608.5
review: I dont know how this is Free? I cant stop playing it.
game-hours: 298.6
review: This game is a ton of fun. And does a very good job in the free 2 play model. I level up more than fast enough, so I don't feel cynical about being driven toward some clowny "xp booster.' And-- all the good stuff in the game can be researched and built by you. The only thing you 'have' to have real money for, is cosmetics, and extra 'hanger' slots if you can't bear to sell back old weapons. TLDR: It's Chinese Space Ninjas in Space. Flipping out, cutting people's heads off, and being awesome.
game-hours: 143.8
review: This game got my pregnant
game-hours: 816.2
review: BEST GAME EVERY PLAY AS A NINJA AND IT'S FREE
game-hours: 800.3
review: This is one of the most attractive games that i ever played. It is hard to get inside it, but once you've passed the firsts steps, this game becomes a place for ultimate enjoyment.
game-hours: 443.8
review: It's great.
game-hours: 185.3
review: i think warframe is fun and most peeople would enjoy
game-hours: 705.1
review: warframe is like ze best 3rd person shooter i have ever played tried it :D
game-hours: 36.3
review: I personally like this game a lot but I feel like not enough people play it. It's a very creative and beautiful game that sets itself apart from from other games with its levels, but after a while it gets slightlyh repetetive in my opinion. I give this game 8.5/10
game-hours: 1634.0
review: game ini gratis dan punya grafis yg lumayan.... buat kalian nyari game yg balance dan coop player.. mainkan game ini
game-hours: 41.4
review: I went into Warframe thinking it'd just be another ORION: Dino Horde. ...After about 6 hours of nonstop gameplay, a lack of a need to purchase in-game items with real money, jumping into bulletfest after bulletfest, and an utter addiction to being a proper freakin' gun-and-sword-weilding space ninja, I said otherwise.
game-hours: 311.2
review: A surprisingly fun game. The combat is fluid and intuitive. The pay shop is essentially unnecessary as the different "frames"(characters) can be unlocked with a little bit of play time. Even so the need to play as a different character doesn't overly change the experience because gear progression is persistent between classes. Ignore the preconceived Free-To-Play stigma and just give the game a decent shot. Teaming up in 4 man missions to defend and objective, exterminate a level, or just survive is reminiscent of the fun had while playing Killing Floor, but in 3rd person, with ninjas, and a bunch of different guns, and powers.... OK its nothing like Killing Floor but its a hell of a lot a fun and it costs nothing to give it a try. Some good quotes from the Goons forum: "What is this game? Warframe is a free-to-play co-op third-person shooter with some melee combat and loot-collection elements set in the far, far future where you play as an eyeless, mute space ninja (here, have some lore). Gameplay comparisons tend to gravitate to Mass Effect 3's multiplayer and Hellgate: London. Major features of the game include procedurally generated levels, fast action with a focus on mobility and looking like the badass space ninja you are, as well as a fairly sane F2P model which generally doesn't make you want to recoil in horror (crazy, I know). The game is currently out on the PC (via the official website and Steam) and PlayStation 4 (via PSN). Warframe's developer is Digital Extremes, previously known for their work co-developing the Unreal series alongside Epic. More recent titles have been somewhat less illustrious, mostly helping with console ports of Unreal-engine titles such as Bioshock and developing multiplayer components of various other titles. Their proprietary Evolution Engine was developed during this time and has been used in Dark Sector, the Darkness II, and now Warframe. ... GAMEPLAY ========================= Warframe is a fast-paced over-the-shoulder 4-player shooter with an added emphasis on melee attacks. Every player is equipped with primary and secondary weapons, as well as a melee weapon. Each class, or Warframe, has up to four useable skills that are unlocked as your character levels up. Your weapons also level up independently of your frame and can be sold for credits or used freely on another frame you own. As you progress with your weapons and frame of choice, you'll gain the ability to customize both for added effectiveness and cosmetic taste. In general, your missions are to invade a ship or outpost to perform a certain task, then escape once that objective is completed. .... ========================= Monetization: No, you don't really need to spend money on the game ========================= Free to play, more like free to pa- oh wait no, never mind. Seriously, though, you don't. Nothing with a direct impact on gameplay (now literally nothing, since you can get plat through the trade system) requires you to spend real money on it, though doing so may prove very convenient. If you end up liking the game and playing for a while you may want to drop a few bucks to get some extra frame and/or weapon slots (you start with 2 slots for frames and 8 for weapons), but aside from that, you can grind out most of the non-cosmetic stuff. If you want to spend money on the game but are on a limited budget, coupons for discounted platinum ranging from 20%, 50%, or 75% off will occasionally show up as a login reward, and promo codes occasionally pop up for sale. If you have spare rare mods/prime parts that are in demand, you can also fleece pubbies of their plat through the trade system. And by spending intelligently, a little platinum can go a long way. Don't be fooled by the prices of weapons and frames in the market, the stuff you'd want to spend money on is actually quite reasonably priced!
game-hours: 10.4
review: gud
game-hours: 105.6
review: This game makes you feel like a ninja, and ninjas do play free...............
game-hours: 2.1
review: This game makes me want to tuck my  in whilst playing! 10/10
game-hours: 572.9
review: Pretty good free to play game.
game-hours: 485.4
review: Love the game!
game-hours: 201.5
review: Warframe, an amazing third person game which would be pretty accurate to say is the epitome of robot ninjas, which in turn, makes this game extremely fun to play. Besides the repetition of levels and the occasional glitches, this game has everything pretty much down pat, from awesome graphics to a solid fighting system which makes this game even better to play, and its all for free!! So I highly recommend adding this game to your library, and you will get quite a few hours of entertaining moments out of it.
game-hours: 803.9
review: Warframe is not only my favourite game of all time but it is also a game where legends are born my friends, let me explain why. This game is where patience and dedication is needed because most of the time you will need to gather resources to build the weapons and characters which suit your play style. How this game works is that you the player must travel across the galaxy and battle against the three main fractions which are constantly fighting each other and you. You the player are known as Tenno who are this BADASS super race which existed in the past generation and have just awaked from a deep sleep. From here you fight enemies and gather different resources to build your equipment to use depending on the enemies your are against. There is a HUGE verity of weapons which are never ending because as we speak more weapons are coming out, you have three different weapons at your disposal. The main weapon, your secondary weapon and your melee weapon. I can sit here all day and go in GREAT DETAIL but that would take forever, let's just say the combat system is so in-depth its like sitting a science exam, ITS SO INDEPTH. The weapons you have are insane, we're talking cannons, laser rifles, swords, axes, scythes, gauntlets, rocket launchers and even weapons made from the flesh of your enemies (I'm serious). There are so MANY weapons in this game there is something for everyone...even cowboys. But I'll be honest here the main thing to make this game shine is time...allot of your time. As I've already said you need to gather resources to craft your weapons. Different planets have different resources so you will have to farm for your equipment. So if you thing you can go all badass right at the start YOUR WRONG! This is not that type of game. If you don't spend time gathering resources then this game is not for you. If you're not nice to the game, the game will piss you off and trust me. It's very easy to get pissed off with this game. As long as you are patient enough you will start to get the ropes of the game and you will be smiling the whole time. There are different mission in the game to add some verity like capture mission, exterminations and defence so you won't get board anytime soon with just one type of game mode. And this game had events that appear from time to time which reward the player which especial and unique rewards for completing the mission. For this reason you will be constantly be login to the game to see if anything special comes up. You can play with three other people friends or no so you always have someone covering your back but the option is there to play alone but I wouldn't recommend it. If your liking this stuff so far then it gets WAY better. You can craft different types of character you can play as which are called Warframe, that's where the title comes from. Warframe have special abilities they can use in battle to change things up. One Warframe controls fire while another controls ice. Once can controls the minds of their opponents and one can even raise the dead to fight for you. The characters are AWSOME and have so much unique play style you will never bet board. Through the game you will collect pickups known as 'mods'. These mods drastically change the gameplay in Warframe, they can be used to upgrade your Warframe and your weapons. Upgrades like more damage or more health. There are HUGE amounts of mods in this game so you can customise your Warframe and weapons to suit your play style. SPEAKING OF CUSTOMISATION! You can change the colours and appearances of your weapons and characters so you can SWAG your way thought the universe in style. For those who are interested in the setting of the game its defiantly interesting. It's a sci-fi universe but there is just something about playing as the Warframe who are pretty much GODS which gives this game a really different feeling. The graphics are top quality and the soundtracks are solid. IT DOSN'T END THERE! You can also create a clan for your friends which you can trade and make deals with, or even fight against each other to see who's the strongest. Clans can even make alliances with other clans and best of all. Clans can claim part of the galaxies by participating in missions knows as 'dark sectors'. This is where the higher level players play at. Completing and conquering the dark sector means your clans symbol will be displayed to all other player to show that your clan is one of the best. There is so much more to talk about but for the sake of my hands and your interest I'll just stop right here. This game is never ending and is constantly being updated and fixed with patches which also give new weapons and characters to play as its endless. Give this game a try, there is something for everyone but as I have already said. You MUST but the time into it. One more thing for those IDIOTS saying that this game is 'pay to win'. NO! These are the types of people who don't know how to farm for their equipment. Anyway I'm done. PLAY WARFRAME!!!
game-hours: 49.7
review: Complicated, but once you get into it and understand how to play, it is one of the most fun games I have ever played. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 452.1
review: I'm enjoying Warframe immensely. The cooperative atmosphere among the players is refreshing, and the gameplay is varied and fun. Your loadout will become tuned to your playstyle in so many ways, it's astounding. I have a good friend showing me the ropes and helping me get some of the items, but it's just as playable with random strangers. You'll quickly learn some things, and slowly learn others. A few bugs speckle every play session, but not enough to frustrate me out of playing. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 960.0
review: I'm hooked. Warframe is so well done. One of the best 3rd person, action, free to play game i have ever played. Keep up the good work Digital Extreme.
game-hours: 1471.0
review: It was this game that introduced me to my girlfriend..well kinda, and for that only its awesome. But talking about the game itself: The game has an awesome community always helping each other, if you find someone rude its maybe cuz hes new to the game and probably a kid. Its a free to play and NOT A PAY 2 WIN! You can get everything (but cosmetics) for free, obviasly you will need to grind and meet nice people to help you with that, which wont be hard. And even the PLATINUM the "real money" so to say...english blahk...even that you can get without spending any money. Yes this game gets a bit boring at times, with all the grinding, and its probably a bit too much info to take in when you start the game for the first or second month but dont worry now theres a nice how-to tutorials about everything, so yeah dont worry you'll be fine. The DEV team behind the game is very active and they hear our call for help if something needs fixing or tweeking, they also do Devstreams and they play the game live for all of us to see and laugh at them. From those streams you can get platinum (if you are lucky) . So go ahead try and play and dont forget...RELEASE THE NINJA IN YOU! And kill a lot...I mean really A LOT!
game-hours: 0.5
review: Foarte tare jocul.
game-hours: 464.4
review: And I thought Warframe couldn't get any better.:v
game-hours: 76.0
review: 10/10 Would ninja again.
game-hours: 15.5
review: just another pay to win games.... but i like it tho
game-hours: 75.6
review: ive played this game for about 1000 hours total. ive made different accounts to start over and found that warframe got better at helping new players in the game learn faster by delivering interactions one step at a time instead of a overload of information all at once. over all the game is great and almost never ending!
game-hours: 279.7
review: great!
game-hours: 1314.6
review: Space Ninja's! With Guns!!! Plus it's free! Download the game already!
game-hours: 32.0
review: Good and interesting game ! +
game-hours: 27.3
review: this a realy great game i recommend getting it.
game-hours: 193.1
review: This is a great game and well worth playing
game-hours: 28.2
review: This game is just awesome. A frre to play TPS, with lot of action and great combo system. You can customise your character with different color, armour, and skins, It is the same for weapons. I recommend this game to everyone, it totally worth it :D
game-hours: 1132.7
review: If you like to play third-person shooter with awesome rpg elements with 3 other people and in a sci-fi setting, this is for you. Seriously give this game a try. IT'S FREE.
game-hours: 1334.8
review: Great game with loads of playtime. The only problem with it is its highly repetitive. There is no real end game. The whole point is to upgrade to better equipment but after a while you have it all and are left waiting for the next patch to provide something new to farm an possibly never use. Even with that, this thing is amazing for a group of friends, or even solo. Attempting to Stealth every misson can provide months of fun. The graphics (assuming you have the capability to run on hig) ae amazing. Even at LOW rendering.
game-hours: 1616.6
review: If you got time this is the best f2p third person shooter/action game out there, market is expensive but almost everything can be obtained by playin the game. Laking real end game content is it's main downside at the moment, you can quickly obtain most end game items by grinding it for a couple of days or buying it off the player market for in game currency (or trade items you have collected). The RNG will make you come back for more or turn you completly off.
game-hours: 13.2
review: I can easily say this is the best F2P game I've ever played, discounting TF2. The gameplay is fun, it's fast paced and tricky. Your character moves in amazing ways with awesome parkour. Combat can be a little dull at times due to just having lame guns for a while to start but the melee combat is excellent. All in all, it's free, it looks great and it plays great. Rally some friends and give it a shot if you're bored. Oh and you can be like Raiden.
game-hours: 382.5
review: 10/10 would play
game-hours: 461.9
review: NINJAS IN SPACE. ING RPG, NADE LAUNCHER, ROCKET PISTOLS, ENERGY BEAMS, MIND CONTROL, AND ROCKET POWERED HAMMERS AND EXPLOSIONS. DAMN THIS GAME IS SO GOOD. Best F2P I have ever played.
game-hours: 458.0
review: DIS GAME. Started days after it went into Open Beta, was stable as if it were a Final Version commercial release. Absolutely wonderful to play with friends, although the objective fun in it is in setting your sights on a new Warframe and working towards it. With 13 frames, there's a lot of work ahead for you to keep you busy, and it doesn't require too much money to get you those 11 extra slots!
game-hours: 0.8
review: I dont Like the game but there is no reason you shouldn't like it
game-hours: 56.1
review: an epic 3rd person shooter that envolves space ninjas i mean, come on, SPACE NINJAS! You have about 8 warframes to choose from each with a unique play style and abilities. I recommend this game to anyone who likes sci-fi adventures and anyone who likes ninjas...IN SPACE
game-hours: 873.5
review: Although this game does get extremely repetitive, I find this to be a brilliant game. Why? Community - Most games that I have played or even heard about has got a bad, annoying community with people raging, whining and trolling, However this game has a freindly community with people that will respond and have a bant ;). I do think that this mught be due to the fact of the game not being PVP and that you are able to be OP. Updates - I love it when a game does recent updates with new items and this game does this precisely. With new Equipment, weapons, warframes and missions; most people will never get bored. Always being Busy - Warframe doesn't really have a objective so you need to make your own which is what I love but some might not. This might be from Farming xp to trying to get a rare mod. What annoys me? Slow - Having to constantly go to the same mission to get new materials or mods is the most annoying thing for me. Grinding to get the things you want can bore you or make you determined to get what you want. I've been trying to go from rank 6 to rank 8 for 2 weeks now and still working on it which is a  but I am determined to get there plus it makes time fly. Repetitive - For the game being slow to start with; the game can get very boring as it will be repetitive. Having the same maps as well get boring as you want every map different for a new experiance which could make the game short for some. Costing - For me I am unable to put money in a game so I want to be cautous of what I buy. However the market of Waframe is very expensive which would put alot of people off. I deffinitly would not call this game "Free to Play" as you would easily spend 40 quid in a short time. Luckily most items can be made with credits and materials can be found in and after missions. Overall I have been playing this game for a long time and I love it. This is definitly a game for people who always want to be busy, determined and who want a nice comminity.
game-hours: 2301.5
review: The best free co-op game on steam, and this really free!
game-hours: 49.3
review: warframe is where cam let your anger out
game-hours: 338.1
review: metacritic score does not represent how good this game is
game-hours: 73.1
review: Space Samurai. Do you really need any other reason to play this?
game-hours: 127.2
review: This game is amazing, I love the bows.
game-hours: 697.3
review: Though not user friendly, this game is a lot of fun after you learn its system.
game-hours: 141.0
review: Warframe...It's unbelievably amazing. Graphics are great, smooth gameplay, it's very fun and addicting. I'm suprised it's not #1 on free-to-play steam games.
game-hours: 505.3
review: This game is alot of fun and quite addictive when you get into it. The game is constantly being butchered to death, balance wise, by it's developer though. There are also a ton of bugs and really strange design choices that wonder if the people in charge are mentally handicapped or have actually ever played any video games before. Great game overall though. Just be prepared for bugs bugs and more bugs. Be prepared for things being nerfed when they don't need to be and things that do need to be nerfed being left alone.
game-hours: 519.6
review: Most F2P's pressure you into becoming an Upgarded member or buying special coins or some sh!t but in this, you can achieve your full goals without paying a single cent 8/8 m8 its gr8 dont h8
game-hours: 1.4
review: Nice
game-hours: 8.2
review: I honestly can't critisize a free to play 3rd person shooter that has multi and single player modes when it comes to actual gameplay, however, I have to admit creating a new acount for the first time can sometimes be a real *****.
game-hours: 0.7
review: We kosmosie zodyn niy wiy, ie jeech nindym... ODYN
game-hours: 1125.6
review: A fun, 4 player, co-op game that is relatively easy to understand. Been a favourite amongst my friends and I for a while now, would recommend! The gameplay is wonderful, bringing together elements from third-person-shooters, RPGs and MMOs and combining them into something new. The graphical design is nothing short of beautiful, dazzling the players with a variety of levels and effects! The audio quality is great. There is nothing nicer than hearing the drums of war start to play rhythmically as you enter battle. Finally, the community is large, diverse and friendly.
game-hours: 472.3
review: Love this game, been playin since befor I used Steam and was using Raptr. Awesome gameplay, easy to use controller support, vived lush graphics, excellent voices, tons of content with new content added regularly, and fun co-op. Super fun game to play for free. Now for gripes (Though Very Few), The story is very lacking, its not really in your face you have to be looking for it but there is one, also this game gets seriously repetitive and if your not playing with friends or a team that talks as you play... You get bored and last but not least.... This game is a Epic GRIND. If you dont wanna spend money to get other warframes or speed up the process of leveling and crafting this game will eventually make you put it down because of repetitive grinding. That Being Said... This Game Is Awesome and I recommend anyone give a shot... Its free for Goodness sake! And lets not comment on the epicness of playing this on a Big 1080 TV with surround Sound, and Dualshock 4, and Steams Awesome Big Picture mode!
game-hours: 41.0
review: This game is a very fun in-depth TPS, unlike most it has a social system, decent melee, and lots if cool missions. 8/10
game-hours: 390.3
review: .   ,   !
game-hours: 35.3
review: After all, I can't say its , cause' it isn't.
game-hours: 3.3
review: goood game download it if u love free running
game-hours: 631.7
review: ruined my life this last winter. excellent game. 10/10
game-hours: 54.2
review: Great game, love it a ton. Free to play just makes it all the better. Controls are easy to adapt to and the freerunning/parkour aspect is amazing, but slightly buggy. 9.5/10 Would play.
game-hours: 43.5
review: 10/10 Best Game!
game-hours: 2.3
review: This is a Great Game for the Die-hard Ninja's that are out there slice and shoot em all
game-hours: 496.4
review: Life? whats that?
game-hours: 477.0
review: This game is one of the best free to play games out there, especially with freinds :)
game-hours: 19.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 1021.1
review: Its an overall good game, but the grinding in the game is just insane. its like Gaben just gave up on the game. Me: Oh allmighty lord Gaben, please give me a blessing Gaben: What kind of blessing? Me: i want that really cool sword Gaben: oh okay, it will take u.. about 132 hours of intense grinding! Me: But Gaben... Gaben: np, i know im to friendly, but u deserve it Me: but... Gaben: now go out and farm! Me: ok... 132 hours later. Me: were is my sword?
game-hours: 356.1
review: Amazing Game, You never run out of things to do.
game-hours: 743.8
review: Warframe is love, Warframe is life. I am addicted. Halp.
game-hours: 1045.6
review: One of, if not, the best free to play games where the devs listen to the community and interact with them and cash shop is not game breaking. A game that gets constantly updated and improved. Space Ninjas Play Free
game-hours: 15.5
review: had joy seizure while playing 10/10 would seizure again
game-hours: 16.5
review: I would have LOVED this game if you didn't have to pay for so many things like more weapons or other characters. It would have been fine with some really great stuff that you have to pay for, but it seems like it's everything. Other than that it is a pretty great game. There is a story, co-op, choose which levels you do first. This game would have been my number 1 if it wasn't for all the money you had to pay to get stuff.
game-hours: 113.6
review: This game is amazing there is little a time that i get on a game everyday and see something new going on not to mention the forge where have to work to assemble your gear
game-hours: 753.2
review: This is a very enjoyable game, but you have to be carefull if your used to making small purchases in games like this. I went from telling myself that I would spend no more than 60 dollars on platinum, to having spent a few hundred dollars on this game over the course of the time I've been playing it.
game-hours: 65.1
review: Cool, cause ninjas, and Space. now all we need is pirate- no we have those too
game-hours: 3.3
review: update failed some content could not be dowloaded from our servers. Please restart warframe to try again the update will restart shortly... whew thats what it is saying all day... =( plz fix this problem this game looks toooooo cool
game-hours: 467.3
review: Best game Ever :)
game-hours: 203.7
review: Amazing movement and combat system unlike any before but does cost money eventually no matter what and will need to have its finishing quality added. The character leveling and custimization is great but once you realize theres not much more to do once you have a couple warframes and a good couple levels up you realize all of the work you put into making a badass godlike superhero ninja is only to continue puting more time and money into each character and there is never any sort of player to player recognition for your time invested in your character. games like world of warcraft have all of the intricate mini parts of the game, like warframe, but no matter what you get tangled up in you always know grand total the game is still alliance vs horde(primarily) and warframe and its creators. needs to finish with its own distinguished main reason to play the game. something that makes you take all the time you spend making your guy just as awsome as you want him and then actually lets you use him for a purpose other then more leveling or material farming. My vote is for hundreds of warframes to eventually meet in head on 360 degree warfare in online servers on the supposed new part of the game. control points, weapons and warframes would be great!
game-hours: 1.0
review: OMG almost best game ever!!!!
game-hours: 3.8
review: The game is fun and has a bit of innovation. It's free to play aspect gives players a free way to play and you really don't need to buy anything for it. Is it worth paying? Sure. You can get things you want like in any game. However, this isn't a MMO, many people i talked to say it is. It's a coop game where people have the option of hop in hop out features. The things i don't like about the game is it is linear, you have minimal options on where you can roam. The game play is repeatitive and i know most games are like that but this game really has nothing but the same sword slashing and gun slinging as any other game i ever played. For a free to play it is fun, but even the levels lack creative imagination. They look like they're basically the same level over and over again. Players- well you get good and bad players for all games but the ones on here will leave in the middle of a session and leave you to fight hoardes of enemies by yourself, and they lack the consideration to revive you when you die. I give it a thumbs up for a free to play game... however if it was a pay to play game or even a game to purchase i wouldn't recommend it.
game-hours: 573.3
review: decent
game-hours: 6.9
review: This is a great 3rd person shooter game that is not to be missed out on, especially considering the creators are kind enough to hand out such an awesome game for free!
game-hours: 431.8
review: Ok, so you are looking for a new game to play? Maybe you like League of Legends, Mass Effect, Hitman or Halo? Well, this one is not anything like one of these......it is all ! Combine any 3rd person shooter, MMORPG with Sci-Fi magic  you can imagine This is what you get: +Tons and tons of new weapons every patch +New Warframe (Character) in every second patch +New mission and rewards everyday +Alert missions every hour ( missions with rare gear ) +Tons of player ready to help newbies in-game +Huge Trade channels and web sites +And, the best free-to-play game there is........anywhere ! Perslonaly, i played it more than 400h in last year, and since the start, it has changed alot. Community has gone BOOOOM over the internet and .... well just look at all the artwork ! So what are you waiting for?
game-hours: 163.3
review: Warframe is an amazing game. Its a third person co-op sci-fi shooter space ninja extravaganza! Its a little slow starting out (if you have the money, i recommend getting affinity and credit boosters), but once you get past the first planet or two, you really start to have some great fun. With a good team and communication, this game offers hours of never ending entertainment. Each Warframe (playable character) offers its own unique play and fighting style. With (Currently) 16 Warframes and 3 prime variants (the 4th, excalibur prime is no longer attainable), over 100 primary, secondary, and melee weapons, and 5 sentinels (robotic companions), this game has massive replayability. The very best part is, its free! So why not try it out? P.S. Dont stop after the first couple missions, I promise you'll find its an amazing game!
game-hours: 48.7
review: (y)
game-hours: 6.0
review: good for try !;x
game-hours: 827.1
review: A very enjoyable fast-paced shooter (when played with others). With the option of stealthy slow solo play as well. Some repetitive maps and scenarios but still with enough variation to not feel "grindy" (until you're trying to get something specific to drop). Can be played entirely free but a little cash injection certainly can boost the fun.
game-hours: 133.0
review: It is a action game with a realistic engine(both graphically and combat-wise),with lots of hack-n'-slash ,resembling Devil-may-cry 4 with more space ninjas.It is perfect but for the lack of stealth,but hell,IT'S PERFECT! Edit:Now with the new GUI and the new stuff from the mad Cephalon onwards the game is IMHO terrible.I just don't know what to do in it anymore.For veterans<--- DON'T COME BACK For new players<----PLAY IT! you might understand something from it...
game-hours: 642.9
review: All and All, great game. Cant say its perfect, but it will keep you occupied for a long time. The combat is fun, fast paced (even if some of the enemy mechanics are often a bit cheap) and feels rather rewarding at most times. There is a light grind wall, but all the objects in the game (other than cosmetics) can be obtained without any real money, so with a good time investment anything can be obtained. Even cash shop items. Highly recommend it as the game is constantly improoving and more content is added. Just a small advice, find someone else to play with as that will make the experience much better.
game-hours: 1359.0
review: Back in April 2013 when I first played this game upon initial open beta status, this game was absolute garbage. Environments were almost totally dark, textures were crap, AI and physics were VERY subpar, no minimap or objective markers and the list went on. However, it's now July and a friend got me to give the game another shot. There have been MASSIVE improvements and I really think they initially made it open beta too early. They've likely lost a lot of potential players due to bad reviews and bad experiences, but GIVE THIS GAME A SHOT. As long as you have friends to play with, this game will provide hours of group fun even when doing something as mundane as farming materials for crafting items. I think Warframe's devs have made a lot of improvements and more are coming. This game is gong to be around a long time. ADDITIONS 6/21/14: So the game has continually been updated, things like Damage 2.0, Melee 2.0, new weapons and warframes(characters). The game has some issues still and certain changes they've made recently that I don't care for. BUT, and this is a big but(haha), this game has something truly unique: Devs that for the most part listen to their players. Even if they don't actually make changes or additions suggested, they DO read them. When things have been added to the game the community hates, DE(Digital Extremes) will jump up to fix them. They understand we keep them going. They don't take us for granted. They're adding in new enemies and weapons that players have suggested and provided concept art for too. They're even adding in a new player experience in a couple of weeks with Update 14 along with an actual pet system. As in we get a space dog and have to actually take care of it. It's not just an extra piece of equipment, but a companion. All in all, while some mistakes get made or bugs happen, those're bound to happen. We still are lucky enough to have a developer that actually cares what its players think of their game.
game-hours: 25.8
review: Swoosh, pew pew pew, Boom! Blaargh! this  be awesome, SPACE NINJAS FOREVER!
game-hours: 929.6
review: Used Ash's bladestorm. My victim died before I touched him. Teleported inside a huge box and turned into a Box of doom. 10/10 would run out of oxygen again
game-hours: 1035.6
review: It's basically a farming simulator and I think that's pretty neat.
game-hours: 1549.1
review: Good game! You can spend lots of hours in it.
game-hours: 318.5
review: cool game its basicly ninijas in space.
game-hours: 740.7
review: SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH FREE FUN AND KILLING!!!! You're a freakin' M.F.ing space ninja. What's not to freaking like.
game-hours: 1116.3
review: Great game, plenty of content. Definitely worth a try!
game-hours: 65.1
review: Very fun game if you enjoy ME3 multiplayer, but can be a bit grindy at times
game-hours: 1694.6
review: How I Lost My Life to Warframe To me, for the longest time it was one of those games that I'll see and hear about early on and decide, "Nah, that's not my kind of game, I won't bother getting into it". Anytime it pops up the same thought is there, and nothing budges. Eventually, lots of friends were getting into it, playing all the time. "That game has never seemed fun or my kind of game, I still wouldn't like it so I won't get into it still. Even though they're playing it so much, they're prolly just overhyping it, I've always felt it won't be fun to me." But then I decided, for whatever reason, "Hell, I'll try it out at least." And now, I'm on the other side, as friends watch me play constantly and wonder how it's even possible. It's just a plain fun game, pretty to look at and play, and even its F2P tactics feel good in the long run. I was pessimistic about the waiting and grinding involved, but pacing your gameplay helps to enjoy things longer, without burning out on things right away. Don't wanna wait 12 hours for a weapon to build? Just take a bit of control, sleep it off, wake up to a nice new shiny toy. There'll be more to do in the meantime, the new player experience is just a bit slow to get you off your feet is all.
game-hours: 312.7
review: Warframe is a good game, it may dont have a story or exact campain. But hey! it's an open beta, what are you waiting for?...This game contains an XP system, if you keep using your char (Excalibur, Loki, Ash, Rhyno, etc.) it will lvl up, with each lvl up you can add mods that you can find on missions, they are very unique and the mods depends of how you equip them. if you are lvl 4 you can add a mod that is lvl 4, lvl 3 or lvl 2 with another lvl 2. The missions are pretty big after an update, you can spen from 30 to 1 hours at exploring the big map, it worth it because you can find more ammo, health and credits. killing enemies with a specific weapon it makes it worth even more, because if you only kill with your braton mk l your rifle will lvl up and you can add mods to your wep, you can use a primary weapon, a secondary wich its always a pistol and a melee that you can use if you spam that damn E button. after you finish a mission you will recieve extra points. You can only recieve this points if you killed a lot of enemies or depending of how much enemies you killed, this extra points will not help all your weapons to lvl up, it depends of how much you kill with them. Lvling up your Tenno and your weps makes this game very entretaining and long! and please....dont go to a mission where the enemies are lvl 50 and you are lvl 20 with lvl 10 - 20 weps...they will kick your  so fast...so lvl up everything you can before doing those missions. Go for them tenno! Yes i know i didnt "review" the online stuff...buts who cares just click on the big blue button that says "ONLINE" and choose if you want to do your missions alone, with a friend or public forgot to mention. This game actually have Bosses..witch them are generals or bigass robots, they are very hard to kill, so if you are a high lvl guy go for them, if you are not...join or make a lobby and let your tenno buddys help you with the damn general or robot.
game-hours: 358.1
review: Great game for a free to play! Lots of cool weapons and Warframes (classes) with awesome abilities.
game-hours: 8.5
review: I recommend This Game to everyone
game-hours: 727.7
review: This is basically a mix of third-person action, ninjas, parkour, advanced tech and awesomeness. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 195.8
review: This game has a bit of a grind, other than that its pretty good.
game-hours: 2310.8
review: Love it!
game-hours: 41.4
review: Cut a man with a mushroom-shaped head in half. 11/10
game-hours: 36.3
review: AWESOME GAME. FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY :D
game-hours: 512.0
review: Amazing free to play-Action rpg "shooter" (Warframe needs a genre description of its own,don't make the mistake of thinking of the usual  quality for f2p-shooters,this is something else.) + Great quality for a f2p-game with constant updates and improvements. + It's completely free,you don't have to spend any money on anything unless you want to (no restrictions) and all of the platinum purchases are convenience. + There's a wide selection of Warframes,weapons and cosmetic items and new stuff is constantly getting added. + Tons of content,altho quality of the content varies,it is mostly lobby-based indoor tunnel-shooting missions and levels can get repetetive since there isn't an awful lot of variation in environment and mission types. But again,new stuff is getting added on a regular basis and the developers are good at their jobs and listen to the community. + Great for Coop-play,up to 4players in a squad,different outloads and frames can work well together and make things easier,and there's plenty of challenges such as survival and endless defense missions with waves of increasingly difficult enemies. -The community is a mixed bag but still a LOT better than most f2p shooters. But since it is a free-to-play and literally anyone can pick this up (+console players) you'll still see a lot of kids,spamming and allcaps attentionwhoring. If you haven't played this game I can only recommend you try it out,you've got nothing to lose but potentially a bit (or lot) of your time^^ It's surprisingly good for a free to play and oozing quality.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Good game. A little light on story for my taste, but that's personal opinion. Fun to play, the fact that maps change every mission is neat, and customization is varied and interesting. Overall; Definitely worth playing.
game-hours: 618.0
review: I give this game a Ten(no)!
game-hours: 347.9
review: Holy  dude. TWO WORDS. SPACE. NINJAS. YEAH DUDE, SPACE NINJAS. FAST ACTION, MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF CUSTOMIZATION, ITS A GOOD GAME. GO GET IT AND HIT ME UP. I'LL BOOST THE  OUT OF YOU.
game-hours: 49.0
review: Warframe while not being the best f2p games I have played is defiantly one of the better ones. While it is true that you spend alot of time grinding, and that the silver(ingame currency paid with real money) is oddly expensive those do not take away the fun of the game.
game-hours: 11.2
review: Great F2P game, kinda like Mass Effect but free :)
game-hours: 876.3
review: "Oh boy another FTP game, bet it's pay to win...." I'm pretty sure that's what you're thinking right now but I would possibly come over, slap you with a glove and say "No." Well....It does have some pay aspects to it but that's only if you're the speedy type who don't like to wait. I'll go into detail over this in a second. All in all the game is still in beta, and it has been in beta for a while so don't expect it to come out of beta anytime soon. That being said, Digtal Extremes (Here on in this review will be known as [DE].) Does interact with the comunity of players new and old. From talking to others in the forums and holding weekly Twitch Livestream events they do it all. They even give shout outs to the user submissions as well as join some players sessions. I can personally vouch for this when I had a fangasm when [DE]'s on Rebeca joined in on my game during a mission. (If you're reading this Rebeca it was amazing to co-op with you. ) You're probably thinking "Why has it been in beta for so long?" Well [DE]'s still working on stuff like performance improvements in networking, maps, AI, etc. and overall performance of the game mechanics it self while tossing in new enmies, more content and more lore. They also hold events in the game for extra nice things too like rare mods for your warframes, weapons, and sentinel pets. Co-Op? Plenty of co-op, you'll run in a team of four, it can be with your friends, or random people who can quickly become friends with considering the userbase is full love lively people. (You know who you are. >;D) "What about PvP?" There's PvP in the game as well, though I don't dabble to much into that so I couldnt tell you much about it. CLAN WARS! YES! BRAND NEW! CLAN WARS! Get up with a clan and go take on other clans by destroying thier 'Solar Rails' which are things that allow you to go into other parts of the game for extra things too. "What about customization?" Here's where I'll get personal, I LIKE TO CUSTOMIZE! From Macho Man Randy Savage zombies in L4D2 to motherhumping Thomas the Tank as dragons in Skyrim. It makes it all the better to me. Now there's no client mods for Warframe but you can customize your stuff in the game itself. Either by paying for currency called platinum, which isn't all that expensive, and in my opinion, wait untill you get a discount from login rewards, oh yeah, did I mention there were login rewards? Because there are. And the more you log in, the better they are. ANYWAY! The cosmetics in the game can be bought with platinum or be recived through alerts, login rewards or events. Also, you can 'technically' earn platinum by trading rare item drops for them. Oh yeah you can customize your weapons damage effects too, nifty eh? :D those you don't have to pay plat for that. "I THOUGHT THIS WASN'T PAY TO WIN! YOU LIED TO ME TOYO!" No I didn't. Also, turn off caps lock, it's not getting you any brownie points. Weapons come in two different flavours, you can pay for one, and get it right then and there with a booster to allow more damage customization or you can buy the blueprints with ingame credits, grind for the needed resources, and build the item and wait for a bit. You wont get that boost like I mentioned before but you can get those via login rewards, alerts and NPC faction wars. Jsut gotta grind and build those too when you recive the item. The game's set up where you don't get a winning advantage just for throwing money at the game. The only thing that does is get you cosmetic items and such. [Though I will admit I have thrown money at the game for some shiney things. I'm not proud of myself, but at the same time, I look totes cool yo!] "What about end game stuffs?" There's one right now, and it will be a grindfest...well the entire game is a grindfest if you really think about it and don't mind waiting for your stuff to finish building. They're actively adding more content with weekly updates to the game with various fixes, tweaks and new items which, for me, keeps the game refreshing and not so stale like some other F2P games I know but wont mention. All in all it's a VERY fun game to play and as you can see, I played the game fairly religiously [Drank the kool-aid maybe? I dunno] So yeah that 750+ hours isn't just having the game runing in the background. That is actual game time where I physically played this game. It's free, so what do you have to loose? Besides not be a badass ninja with a badass sword and parkour skills? 10/10 Will keep playing till my HP hits 0 irl....and maybe in the afterlife....hopefully...wonder if they got pcs in the afterlife...?
game-hours: 84.2
review: a perfect game for PVE that you can play hours and hours with your firends or make new one's in the game
game-hours: 34.2
review: fantastic but hard to pick up at first. helpful to play with experience friends
game-hours: 22.0
review: Nice!
game-hours: 5.8
review: Pretty Beast Game for being Free!
game-hours: 16.2
review: This is such a good game
game-hours: 303.4
review: Oh my god the best thing ever
game-hours: 726.0
review: Where do i start with this game to hold your attention? Warframe is a fast phased, action packed thrill ride with marvelous graphics in an ever expanding universe with it's own level up system, upgrades, parkour, magic, spaceninjas, you name it. And the devs who brought this game are very talented people who do their best to daily bring new things to the table. However, this game does lack a proper endgame as of yet and suffers from repetition, but it's the constant content which will keep you coming back for more, it really is a great experience with lots of potential for years to come.
game-hours: 9.4
review: I haven't played this a lot but for the time I have played I enjoyed it. I wanted different Tenno though but that's really grindy and really hard to get if you don't have a good group with you. The controles may seem wonky but if you change them to your liking then they're amazing. The only thing bad I can really say is the melee. It's weak and everywhere, but if you know how to make your Tenno, it's strong and everywhere and sometimes the only freaking thing you use. The maps are practically all the same but different routes, the weapons are the same just different stats just like Dust 514, and it's easy to get out of control thinking you're a badass and getting yourself mauled. Overall it's a pretty good game, not something I'd play all day every day but still good enough to catch my attention, especially considering I don't like super fast paced anything or third-person games. Oh also the lighting, the lighting is too extravegant, so if the flare bothers you turn off lighting effects, it helps speed up the game and its better on the eyes and makes it feel more natural.
game-hours: 53.5
review: u can do wall run like in prince of persia... i think i dont need to tell u anything else
game-hours: 986.5
review: This game is all about space pirate ninja robots. Go to planet, pillage the place, and enjoy the spoils as you become an unstoppable force across the Warframe universe.
game-hours: 344.0
review: Ninjas, ninjas,ninjas...And space.
game-hours: 456.6
review: War Farming Simulator.
game-hours: 451.2
review: Great game to play! I have already put hours into it and it gets better with every update.
game-hours: 480.9
review: You can kill things so hard that they turn into a singularity. Would play again.
game-hours: 1237.7
review: Warframe is a fantastic free to play game about space ninjas with seemingly endless weapons, and unique character abilities. While some may find the third person combat repetitive, the gunplay is satisfying and solid. Every weapon feels different, and provides unique challenges, for example the Phage fires multiple converging beams of energy, which inflict enemies with a debilitating viral infection, in contrast to the graceful power of the Paris, a bow which magnetically accelerates arrows through your enemies. There are also an astounding number of melee weapons, with equally high variety, with a surprisingly deep combo system, and several acrobatic maneuvers to keep things interesting. Perhaps the most interesting parts of the game are the "Warframes" themselves. Each character has four abilities, much like a traditional MOBA game. These abilities range from a grappling hook which can be used to tear enemies in half and navigate the terrain, to a power which reanimates the enemies you've killed to fight for you. Each frame is vaguely themed around an animal, or element, and fill different roles on a team. Zephyr (a hawk-like fighter) specializes in mobility, and high burst damage, while Rhino (a heavy tank frame) excells at soaking up damage, and crushing enemies that get in his way. The art design in the game is fantastic, and provides a unique "organic armor" feel, with distinct enemies and factions. This is complemented by the solid sound design, which aids in the immersion. Perhaps my favorite thing about this game is the random encounters. As you complete missions, you may find yourself at odds with a specific faction. You'll get a message in your inbox, warning you that further actions will have consequences. Further defiance will result in the appearence of assasins, who will track you down and appear in your missions, creating a sort of mini-boss fight. There are frequently community "events", which feature special rewards, and game modes, requring players to work together to accomplish a larger goal. "Alerts" appear several times a day, providing more of a challenge for a specific award (often special items that normally require premium currency. ) While the game is free to play, it does not suffer from many of the typical problems of the genre. This game is NOT "pay to win". While the weapons given to you at the start are clearly inferior to end-game weapons, they are still relatively viable. Literally ALL non-cosmetic content is avaliable without paying a cent. Daily alerts can sometimes reward players with special rewards which are normally only avaliable through the marketplace. Boss fights will reward players with otherwise locked weapons, etc. The only downside is that this results in a good bit of "farming". Although, depending on your preference, this may not be a bad thing. Sometimes, you may just want to load up an easy mission, and slaughter hundreds of soldiers, other times, you may want more of a challenge, and the game provides the means to do this. Lastly, the developers are incredibly open about their work, providing one of the most transparent development cycles I've ever seen, often taking advice directly from their users into consideration, and providing a livestream about the game's progress EVERY WEEK. Patches are released nearly weekly, and significant content updates almost monthly, adding new missions, bosses, and reworks which address the concerns of the community. I would highly recommend this Warframe. Keep in mind, this game is in open beta, so there are bound to be problems, but being free, I'd say it's worth a shot, even if this isn't your type of thing.
game-hours: 187.5
review: The game is really repetive after playing it for awhile but guessing that's the reason for players to continue to get different weapons in the arsenal.
game-hours: 12.7
review: Pretty fun game I'll admit. It's satisfying to get a kill once you get the hang of all the neat tricks you can do. The only con about this game are the microtransactions. The microtransactions are annoying and limit very much to your gameplay, they keep you from getting better, and cooler items. As a decent game, I give it 7/10, gotta make money somehow right?
game-hours: 2.3
review: not a ninja so i cant play this free. cost me alot of money and keyboards that i have bashed in rage!
game-hours: 4.9
review: this is the best corridoor simulator ever, i think in my 5hrs of playing i ran down the same corridor at least 1000times!
game-hours: 737.1
review: Class based combat+Manufacturing+Card collecting\fusing character and weapon enhancement. Many 'theaters' to progress through for xp, materials and cards. Collect credits to purchase most things. Buy chits to get specialty warframes, weapons and other things to build your own. Oh, it's free.
game-hours: 34.2
review: I really wish the community was larger for this game. It was such a joy and of course it can seem repetitive but, the community that did play was helpful and it never felt like a grind. I would definitely give this game at least an 8/10 if not higher. The graphics are amazing and the gameplay is smooth and enjoyable. There are exploits to movement and such which make it easy though there still is enough challenge for it to be a great time! I hope for this game to somehow grow once again
game-hours: 663.8
review: Great ninja style game, wont regret downloading it
game-hours: 186.2
review: warframe is a fun free to play PvE MMO that is truly addictive game download it's FREE!!!
game-hours: 561.0
review: A Great Game
game-hours: 204.0
review: If a game has ninjas like this one, then it's legit.
game-hours: 53.7
review: graphic can compare with other high graphic game such as call of duty,and its free to play,so if u wish to,try it out,no bad at all
game-hours: 30.3
review: A cavalcade of co-op-tacular fun! Roam space and kick some grinner butt as you collect and create new suits and weapons with ridiculous abilities, fail at any and all sections that require stealth, pull of crazy tricks with the awesome movemnent/parcour/wallrun mechanics, and shoot lazers that go 'pew pew', oh and it's free!
game-hours: 106.2
review: ,  Mass Effect. Very good reminds The Mass Effec.
game-hours: 329.4
review: Its diffrent from most games but its sooo fun. The only problem i had so far is how many warframes and weapon slots you can have. Its annoying cause you have to spend money for more slots. But from that its one of my top games atm.
game-hours: 37.4
review: yes play this game won't stop
game-hours: 27.2
review: VARIOUS ABHUMANS BATTLE THRU THE HEAVENS! CHEAP AS FREE! SHOOT MANY THINGS AND COLLECT MUCH STUFF IN THE PURSUIT OF SWEET NECTARINE POWER! YOUR SEARCH IS POTENTIALLY ENDLESS, BUT ENJOYABLE WOULD SUGGEST PARTICIPATING IF YOU ENJOY GUNS AND SPACE
game-hours: 380.2
review: I have spent (unbeknownst to me) over 300 hours playing this game and I have nothing but positive things to say. Despite the fact that many free-to-play games often require you to pay in order to progress, this isn't true with Warframe. As I've learned from the very beginning you could play for hours-upon-hours without having to spend a single penny. It wasn't until I was nearing 100 hours that I realized how much I enjoyed this game. Not only that, but I also thought that investing in (platinum for) the game would only help make my already-pleasant experience even better. Warframe has evolved alot in the small amount of time that I've played it. Through player purchases the developers have added new maps, new mods, a killer melee battling system, and outstanding and unique missions and modes that only add to the spontaneity of this game. Just imagine a game that mixes Ninja Gaiden with Call of Duty with Vanquish. From my own personal experience, it's worth checking out - especially if you're a college student (like myself) and are strapped for spending money on the new games coming out every-so-often. Give this game a shot and I'm sure you will come to find at least a few things that make Warframe a fun, great, and unique experience. Game On. - Lenny
game-hours: 294.7
review: Rating: ++++ Very fun game, however you do need to put some time in it and get into the game to get good gear and stuff like that. one very big plus of this game is that all gear can be crafter with resouces you gain troughout the game, so even if you dont have the money you can still have everything that somone who pays also has. with the exeption of a few decorational stuff wich does not affect gameplay.
game-hours: 75.4
review: everything is over priced
game-hours: 654.3
review: This game has everything you could ever want
game-hours: 523.7
review: This is a fun game! :)
game-hours: 595.4
review: Often new awesome updates 10/10
game-hours: 3089.1
review: Stop reading and play this game!
game-hours: 3.1
review: Great action in a high paced mission based mmo. This clan based operation game truly ushers in the new era of online gaming.
game-hours: 217.1
review: its amazing
game-hours: 239.6
review: Im going to start by saying if you dont have patience then you wont like this game, In other words it will leave your steam library within 5 hours. Alright after that your here for the review my experience with the game is amazing other than that annoying So called "Crafting" the game is great. Melee 2.0 reveloutionized the games melee system giving it a whole new aspect, First Heavy Weapons actually have a purpose other than more damage, They have different attacks but still more damage. Smaller weapons such as the glaive attack faster and deal less damage and is throwable. This pretty much wraps up the review one of the best prequels to a game ever not storyline wise but gameplay wise. 9.5 Out of 10
game-hours: 407.7
review: This game. I played it when I had no idea what I was doing, got frustrated, and left for a month or two. But then, I took some time to think about it, and I've played almost every day since that month or two ended. The controls are amazingly fluid; nothing is more satisfying than dashing through a room full of Grineer and slicing them to shreds. Not only that, but all the weapons, sentinels, and non-cosmetic gear is all free, and incredibly worthwhile to earn. I was the little level 12 loki staring in awe of the rhino prime with a shiny boltor prime and carrier sentinel sucking up all the useful items. I'm currently working on getting Loki Prime, and I've built a sentinel all on my own. The grind to get all the rare materials was worth it in the end. All in all, this is a game to keep an eye on (not even out of beta yet!) and play for a bit. Who doesn't love space ninjas?
game-hours: 666.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 189.0
review: pretty outrageous game but incase it very good to ply ninjas
game-hours: 40.2
review: An absolutely amazing title that entertains for hours, definite recommendation.
game-hours: 115.8
review: Really solid f2p game. Graphics are decent. The developers are constantly updating, rebalancing, and adding new contact.
game-hours: 375.8
review: It's a fun coop game that you can play with your friends and it makes time fly, this game is my favorite freeto play game.
game-hours: 401.7
review: Best free to play I have ever played. No need to spend money at all. Major plus, the game acts and looks as if its worth at least $50. Highely recommend.
game-hours: 6.3
review: awesome game!!! :D
game-hours: 192.0
review: Really well thought out game. Not your standard FPS MMO, this is like a hybrid of a MMOrpg, an online first person shooter, and a collectable card game. Really fun to play once you get used to what is going on. Biggest downside is that the maps/enemies get a little repetitive. A solid 8/10
game-hours: 81.4
review: Much better if you have friends to play with
game-hours: 23.6
review: Love it
game-hours: 578.5
review: Hello people, This game is worth it. Simply download and play. Small learning curve with wild fun. Join a clan for even more added benefits.
game-hours: 111.6
review: This game is awesome! Has quite the grind to it, definitly will keep you busy.... Can't beat free to play
game-hours: 510.6
review: 3rd person shooting with the loot/grinding of an mmo. Good stuff!
game-hours: 498.0
review: freakin awesome just play it
game-hours: 44.0
review: super cool
game-hours: 44.9
review: This game.....is FREAKIN AWESOME!
game-hours: 227.2
review: As a power-armored space ninja with cowboy neon revolvers I punched a space marine to death while a companion cube of deth shot its friend. 10/10 If you think the shooty aspects are good enough to outweight the grindy aspects.
game-hours: 396.9
review: One of the best games I have played.
game-hours: 1035.6
review: It's basically a farming simulator and I think that's pretty neat.
game-hours: 1549.1
review: Good game! You can spend lots of hours in it.
game-hours: 318.5
review: cool game its basicly ninijas in space.
game-hours: 740.7
review: SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH FREE FUN AND KILLING!!!! You're a freakin' M.F.ing space ninja. What's not to freaking like.
game-hours: 1116.3
review: Great game, plenty of content. Definitely worth a try!
game-hours: 65.1
review: Very fun game if you enjoy ME3 multiplayer, but can be a bit grindy at times
game-hours: 1694.7
review: How I Lost My Life to Warframe To me, for the longest time it was one of those games that I'll see and hear about early on and decide, "Nah, that's not my kind of game, I won't bother getting into it". Anytime it pops up the same thought is there, and nothing budges. Eventually, lots of friends were getting into it, playing all the time. "That game has never seemed fun or my kind of game, I still wouldn't like it so I won't get into it still. Even though they're playing it so much, they're prolly just overhyping it, I've always felt it won't be fun to me." But then I decided, for whatever reason, "Hell, I'll try it out at least." And now, I'm on the other side, as friends watch me play constantly and wonder how it's even possible. It's just a plain fun game, pretty to look at and play, and even its F2P tactics feel good in the long run. I was pessimistic about the waiting and grinding involved, but pacing your gameplay helps to enjoy things longer, without burning out on things right away. Don't wanna wait 12 hours for a weapon to build? Just take a bit of control, sleep it off, wake up to a nice new shiny toy. There'll be more to do in the meantime, the new player experience is just a bit slow to get you off your feet is all.
game-hours: 312.7
review: Warframe is a good game, it may dont have a story or exact campain. But hey! it's an open beta, what are you waiting for?...This game contains an XP system, if you keep using your char (Excalibur, Loki, Ash, Rhyno, etc.) it will lvl up, with each lvl up you can add mods that you can find on missions, they are very unique and the mods depends of how you equip them. if you are lvl 4 you can add a mod that is lvl 4, lvl 3 or lvl 2 with another lvl 2. The missions are pretty big after an update, you can spen from 30 to 1 hours at exploring the big map, it worth it because you can find more ammo, health and credits. killing enemies with a specific weapon it makes it worth even more, because if you only kill with your braton mk l your rifle will lvl up and you can add mods to your wep, you can use a primary weapon, a secondary wich its always a pistol and a melee that you can use if you spam that damn E button. after you finish a mission you will recieve extra points. You can only recieve this points if you killed a lot of enemies or depending of how much enemies you killed, this extra points will not help all your weapons to lvl up, it depends of how much you kill with them. Lvling up your Tenno and your weps makes this game very entretaining and long! and please....dont go to a mission where the enemies are lvl 50 and you are lvl 20 with lvl 10 - 20 weps...they will kick your  so fast...so lvl up everything you can before doing those missions. Go for them tenno! Yes i know i didnt "review" the online stuff...buts who cares just click on the big blue button that says "ONLINE" and choose if you want to do your missions alone, with a friend or public forgot to mention. This game actually have Bosses..witch them are generals or bigass robots, they are very hard to kill, so if you are a high lvl guy go for them, if you are not...join or make a lobby and let your tenno buddys help you with the damn general or robot.
game-hours: 1402.0
review: Really awesome game! Try it! U'll never regret.
game-hours: 7.5
review: Space Ninjas. Enough said.
game-hours: 7.7
review: It's like star wars but with with no clones.
game-hours: 20.4
review: Hands down best, most balanced F2P I have every played. PvE focused (currently) with no need to buy anything.
game-hours: 336.7
review: A fast-paced action-packed third person shooter that will entice you within minutes. The range of available characters and weapons to unlock and build really add to the game's possibilities of ways to play, fight and win. The only "negative" thing I have come to notice is that you can't really unlock other warframes to use until mid to late game (unless you spend real money), but even that just encourages more gameplay and more fun! But a word of caution: This game does not have a running storyline after the first missions, so if you are looking for a plot to get involved in, this is not the game. Needless to say, overall, this game is a great action-filled TPS that will have you hooked for life and the fun will go on without end.
game-hours: 46.7
review: I'm not a huge fan of FPS. So, having the melee attack & bow option is great. The graphics are amazing as well. I also like that anyone can be recruited into a squad or you can even select solo..as I'm more prone to soloing.
game-hours: 518.2
review: This game is THE !!! A/10 would rail again! Grustrag Three can suck my boltor :>
game-hours: 702.3
review: Amazing game love every moment about it space ninjas ftw
game-hours: 124.9
review: 10/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 2483.0
review: look at my hours, need i say more? well.. its pertty good :)
game-hours: 0.7
review: holy  kind of nice game
game-hours: 571.0
review: Fun Free-To-Play game that can be more fun with friends. You have to grind a lot for certain things, unless you want to just but them. Plus Space Ninjas that should be enough of a reason to play this game.
game-hours: 796.3
review: I don't like spreading my opinion too much but seriously, look how long I played this. I can almost asure you that you will enjoy this game! What isn't there to like about it? Third person, ninja's, cool weapons, acrobatics, robots, modified humans, killer fractions and beautiful graphics! (like I said, this is my opinion and shouldn't be taken too seriously! Just try the game first! Its free after all!)
game-hours: 1260.9
review: This game is pretty good. Has a lot of potential!
game-hours: 1462.0
review: yes
game-hours: 609.8
review: Tons of weapons, bunch of frames (classes) with unique skill sets, clans, alerts, events, rails. This is truly content rich game. You should try it and you'll love it!
game-hours: 384.4
review: A game that a fan of stealth or action can play. Fun and always changing. Definitely worth taking a look at.
game-hours: 259.0
review: Very great online/solo game. I recommend this game to anyone who loves playing with friends and parkouring at the same time.
game-hours: 1080.8
review: After playing for a year i can say that this game is amazing! BUT it still needs impovement so expect some things to happen.
game-hours: 314.9
review: this is game is very good recomment it to players who look shooters.
game-hours: 284.1
review: This game offer a new way to be a ninja.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Warframe is good-looking, smooth-working and lets you be a futuristic alien space ninja. Why are you still reading this and not playing the game?
game-hours: 331.3
review: Amazing free to play game. A lot of things about the game are frustrating. But i cant stop playing it. If you want to play a game that makes you feel like a badass. this is it!
game-hours: 216.7
review: Very fun you getz to slice peoples up and you getz your own pad and stuffz xD it's like a never ending andventure thingy
game-hours: 755.2
review: Fun game with friends, recommend for team play, not solo play!
game-hours: 130.3
review: This game is awesome and everyone should at least give it a shot. It is free after all.
game-hours: 693.9
review: Great game, great experience. No end-game tho
game-hours: 804.0
review: THIS GAME IS PRETTY AWESOME.but there is no "end game" so kind of gets to the point "why am i playing?" the game is still rolling out and it is alot of fun for new players. but after about 50 or so hours of game play it is like "okay, whats next" though 50 hours of game play is totally worht this game.
game-hours: 751.7
review: love this game been playing it for a while and it just keeps getting better and better with each update cant wait to see what it becomes in the future
game-hours: 117.2
review: This game is about friendship, you play as a man in a suit made from materials and use your void powers to fight mutated space bunnies, people from Star Trek, and the zerg swarm. 10/10 You can get a bow and pin people to stuff.
game-hours: 52.6
review: The Best free to play on steam get it play it : ))
game-hours: 312.2
review: may seem like its a pay to win game at first but when you start to play you relize its not its very good game
game-hours: 8.3
review: overall a great game. good character choice with plent of upgrades.
game-hours: 317.4
review: Robedo.
game-hours: 291.6
review: ignore metacritic. this is a fun game if you dont mind a little bit of work to get into it.
game-hours: 241.2
review: i stick potatoes on my guns
game-hours: 314.3
review: Best free to play game in awhile. Most free to pay are freemium; wear cash can make overly powered. But this not the case with warframe. There is in store cash only items ,but most weapons and warframes can be got with simply time and effort. Combine with combat composed both mele and ranged it makes for a fairly enetetaining MMO
game-hours: 238.7
review: good game a bit slow in the lower levels but stick with it . and for all the new players out there i got one word for you "SOMA".
game-hours: 1218.4
review: Freaking awsome game. 10/10 will lose my life to this game.
game-hours: 999.9
review: Really, this is one of the best games I have played in a while and its free. Shooters are not normally my thing but this has so much more to do I don't care. They make updates all the time and there is always new content.
game-hours: 189.8
review: (03O)
game-hours: 7.7
review: good game its fun and very addicting
game-hours: 953.7
review: This is probably the best Space-Ninja game you will ever play. If you want a quick recommendation, you have it. EDIT: Once upon a time there was a very long page here. Well many many updates later it's safe to say that this game is still growing in surprising and exciting ways. It's still a game that feels that you have to dump a couple bucks into every now and then, but it never feels forced: by the time you feel the urge for some platinum you've probably put a hundred more hours into playing, so why not? Money you spend should be based on the fun you're having, and Warframe is promising to keep entertaining for a long time.
game-hours: 1877.9
review: Space Ninjas? Powers? Guns? FREAKING SWORDS!? The only thing this game is missing is gratuitous nudity... *Crosses fingers* Update: October 28, 2014 So, it's been over a year since I reviewed this game... AND IT'S GOTTEN EVEN BETTER! Where to start... The Dev team is slowly incorporating more story elements, especially for the new players who need guidance as to what they're doing. Part of this new drive was the implementation of the "New Player System" which is a quest to introduce the player to Warframe's basic mechanics while informing you of some of the basic lore. Other quests now added include Howl of the Kubrow to get your very own death-dealing, cuddle-loving furball, Hidden Message to unlock the Warframe known as Mirage, Limbo Theorem to unlock the IMPOSSIBLY fun Warframe Limbo, who can walk on a completely different plane of existence. And, last but DEFINITELY not least, the Archwing. Gundam lover's will just about soil their shorts when they get their hands on this space combat system. Remember the Death Star run from Episode 6? You'll get to experience it yourself. Note for all those interested in the game, if you play for free it CAN be a -very- heavy grind, and wait times on building items can be brutal (3 days for some things). But, if you have some patience, this game's high speed combat mechanics are fantastic. But, if you don't mind a bit of grind, you can even alleviate that some by selling rare mods and Prime parts for Platinum in the player trade system.
game-hours: 747.9
review: Honestly an amazing game. Once you get past the kinda crappy starter gear and into things you like more, it becomes really fun. The biggest pushfactor for most players is the crafting time. Once you get over the fact that you can't always get what you want right away and learn to deal with it, it isn't an issue anymore. Overall, a really fun, unique game. I'd reccomend it to anyone into any kind of action game.
game-hours: 99.3
review: Excellent game - worth downloading, playing, and becoming addicted to.
game-hours: 772.4
review: I absolutely love this game. It is the definition of a amazing free to play experience, although you will need to spend some money to get the full experience. It is very much worth it in my opinion! also supporting indie devs gives you a nice feeling :) But the meat meat of the gameplay is the third person ninja shooter. Being a space ninja ou are very agile and can pull off parkour with ease. the gunplay is satisfying and has a lot of impact with great sound assests make hearing and feeling the pop of a headshot! i cannot reccomend this game enough! but the gripes i have is that the entry level is massive with most of the weapons and frames being very daunting for new player, along with some grind. It could need patience.
game-hours: 932.2
review: I've put over 110 hours into this game so far, I have paid nothing and gotten almost everything in game, worth getting just for space ninja killings.
game-hours: 801.7
review: Warframe Warframe started as a decent co-op shooter. On early beta it had some game breaking bugs, but it felt like it had a lot of potential, that potential is still there and i doubt it will fade away easily. The level design is pretty amazing, the tilesets have as much quality as a AAA title but they get very repetitive with time, the "endgame" void missions can be described as "kill mobs, loot the room and occasionally look for secrets, rinse and repeat", The Bosses started out as pretty meaningful and provided an actual challenge, nowadays they're a means to earn blueprints of specific frames and are incredibly hard, with the inclusion of a specific set of bosses that have a specific weak spot which only works half of the time. The best boss fight is in my honest opinion Lephantis. Every update they release there are more bugs than additions, though most of which get solved pretty fast. The game has become quite a farm fest, earning the game the term "Warfarm". The Devs are terrible at balancing the game, specificly by overly nerfing frames and weapons and hardly ever buffing others. The grinding involved in farming for frames is extreme and is a great drawback of the game. Crafting weapons take usually 12 hours, companions and rare materials take up to 24 hours. the new Archwing takes 36 hours to build, and frames take 72 hours. Its tedious to wait so long for new gear. This New Archwing update is lame, the new tileset in space is devoid of content, its literally the same map. starts in the same place, ends in the same place but has you go through different pathways to achieve your objective. But to be quite honest, i've went on and on about how terrible this game is, but its still one of my favorite games and i have spent up to 8 hours in it alone, playing with friends. It's got its share of  sure, but they still somehow manage to deliver on a great time which is quite a feat, ive not exacly been easy on the examples of how terrible it is. I'm not gonna rate this game on a scale of any sorts, its a great game to spend some time in, but its below average in key aspects and needs improvement, and a lot of it, then again it's still in "open beta" so we might see some positive changes over the course of development.
game-hours: 517.3
review: Definitely a great game you should try out. Even if you dont like shooters it's still worth a spin since it is free.
game-hours: 597.1
review: I am addicted.
game-hours: 103.7
review: Look, I'm not typically one to support F2P games, but if you enjoyed Dark Sector, this will be right up your alley. It is F2P so there are microtransactions (which can be on the expensive side!) but very few non-cosmetic items are purchase-only. Essentially, you can play all of the content of this game without paying a cent. (Minus some color choices and various conveniences like extra weapons or warframe inventories) Its primarily a PVE affair, though there is the ability to go to PvP "conclaves." This game is solid, mindless, space ninja fun with a lot of variety on weapons and warframes.
game-hours: 116.3
review: Ninjas in space. 10/10
game-hours: 1289.8
review: Best F2P game on the market.
game-hours: 7.8
review: goddd game
game-hours: 411.2
review: Great time sink, multiple levels, farming simulator
game-hours: 478.4
review: A lot of people have varrying views on this game. There have been bugs in the past which have annoyed some. my friends included. But i love this game. So many hours just spent playing it. They're always updating and adding new stuff, whether it be different warframes or weapons and new areas. Community missions are fun to try and rack up some points. The warframes themselves are unique and fun to play around with. My favorite being Saryn. That poison op. Just about anything you can get by just simply playing the game. which cant be said for most free to plays. Run on walls, shoot, jump, slam and explode your way to victory xD
game-hours: 336.1
review: Greatest 3rd person shooter ever, it is just an all around good game.
game-hours: 243.8
review: Freaking awesome best FTP game ive ever played
game-hours: 355.5
review: great game
game-hours: 420.1
review: Addicting..
game-hours: 509.6
review: Praise The Lotus!!!
game-hours: 60.9
review: Space ninja is the best ninja
game-hours: 1.9
review: hack and slash and pew at it's best. AND ROBOT WIZARDS
game-hours: 819.0
review: ninjas in space with guns, not a great game to go super in depth or spend tons of time on, but definitely cool/fun to play with friends as a change of pace or chill out game.
game-hours: 945.3
review: Fast pased action game. With good gun play and magnificent melee.
game-hours: 353.4
review: this game is pretty awsome pretty fast paced and lost of different game senerios to play. with recent updates it has gotten even better
game-hours: 9.5
review: Don't get me wrong this game is a great f2p with friends and such. But if you are playing this game without microtransactions the game should be renamed Grinding and paywalls: The videogame
game-hours: 101.6
review: Once you get this game, you'll be playing it non-stop!
game-hours: 12.1
review: gud game
game-hours: 68.8
review: Not my fav but i would recommend to people that like stealth,tower defense,and action.
game-hours: 14.2
review: I absolutley recommend this game - it has a great flow and the pace is extremely fast and exiting!
game-hours: 4.0
review: GI.JOE SEVENLER N HARKA B OYUN
game-hours: 670.3
review: A lot of fun albeit repetitive. If you're looking to purchase additional warframes for plat, don't. It's far more economical to purchase plat during Steam sales or when you get 75% off during a login reward THEN buy the items you want from other players. ...or grind your butt off! Nearly everything is available for free however the catch is that you only have a certain number of slots to store your frames and weapons. You can save additional Platinum by getting items from alert missions. D/Ling the WF Alerts app is highly recommended. Also, Loki is amazing. Choose that frame after your tutorial. The Wikia is your Warframe bible. There is theorycrafting and optimal character building in this game and you'll find this reference highly valuable. Complete maps then do nightmare modes for rare dual-stat mods. Some are much easier than others and you can abort and restart if you get things like "no shields" opon starting the mission. Hit me up in-game!
game-hours: 31.6
review: The depth in this game is surprising, it is very entertaining although the controls can be a little lacking.
game-hours: 580.3
review: It'll make your friends think you have a problem, and your parents will think you're just doing drugs in your room the whole time. 10/10
game-hours: 351.9
review: This game is just amazing. content + space + ninjas + kickass weapons + zombies + aliens + robots = a ing brilliant game = WARFRAME
game-hours: 7.6
review: Very good game i enjoy it .But i would like more sword swings like combos and stuff would be great.Still this game is amazing try it because is Epic
game-hours: 56.0
review: I've been playing Warframe for a while, and i have to say that it is a pretty good game. Any bugs that are found in-game are almost instantly fixed by the next day in their very frequent bug fixes and updates. I feel that this shows a dedication to the consumers to provide a very enjoyable gaming experience. I feel that the gameplay is very invigorating and engaging, keeping you on your toes most of the time. Its a multiplayer game, even though you do have the option of playing solo. You have a wide variety of customizations for your warframes cosmetically, and stat wise. Overall, i think that this game is great, and that anyone who reads this should give it a try. Its free to play, even though you can pay real money to make micro-trasnactions in-game for special items. I give Warframe a 9/10
game-hours: 77.9
review: Really fun and enjoyable. You have to have patience while playing though. Building anything can take quite a few hours.
game-hours: 972.6
review: i've played this game so much that when i try playing a different game, i just find myself playing more warframe
game-hours: 176.2
review: the game is really fun there may be some things that cost money but if u work hard u can get it without spending a penny
game-hours: 165.7
review: This game is really fun and it's free to play. A recent update allows people to build up a dojo which is a housing for your clan where you can perform research, build new rooms, etc etc. As you play, you upgrade your gear, install new mods onto them and upgrade your mods. You can also farm materials and craft equipment and other things from them. Each Warframe has a different set of skills and there are several warframes to play. Join me in this awesome game and join my dojo!
game-hours: 584.1
review: If you like fun fast games, get it. it has hundreds of customizationamabababls. You're like a ninja that kills ugly things , so you get to make the solar system just a bit less ugly. There's lots of warframes and weaps too so there's variety there. Its not that fun when you're playing alone tho. So get a fwend and pleh.
game-hours: 173.1
review: First person shooting games have become a bit stale of late. "Generic Shooter XVIIXXII - The Return of the Bad Guy" has become a true blight on gaming. So when another developer takes a stab at FPS, one has to sort of roll their eyes and wonder when people will learn. But then you actually 'play' warframe. And you realise that this is not "Generic Shooter" material. What you have here is a game with a lot of potential. Free to play also suffers a lot of abuse, but again, in the hands of this developer the concept works. You can actually own any weapon or suit that you could buy for real world money. And everyone has to level up thier stuff the same way - by shooting a variety of scaling, tough and creepy monsters in the face (or crotch). You take the role of a Tenno operative, a ninja in space. You'll wield melee weapons, fire pistols, rifles, shotguns and throw shuriken and find yourself giddy with the pleasure of running along a wall to drop down and impale and enemy. The story is vast and the difficulty scales with your ambition. The learning curve of this game is severe, but nothing is as satisfying as building your first warframe and taking it out for it's baptism of fire. Central to the game is the "Warframe". Different suits that allow you different abilities and powers, which you'll need to shoot aforementioned baddies in the afroementioned faces. The game is still in Beta, but that should not affect your decision to play this game. It's fun, with constant and expanding content that is well balanced and responsive. Get it, get in and take your place among us, Tenno. We're waiting.
game-hours: 274.4
review: This game is a ton of fun; the art direction and visuals are stunning; and the overall controls are great fun to master--I recommend this game to any that want a fun third-person romp. Well done, Digital Extremes.
game-hours: 2510.2
review: Highly recommended. Wallrunning, seemless trasnsition from melee to weapons. Lighting fast gameplay. Teleportation, mind control, crafting, incedible customization system, NOT PAY TO WIN, responsive devs who listen and use community feedback.
game-hours: 728.5
review: It's a fun game after you learn how it all works. They are always adding new content and it's free to play.
game-hours: 267.3
review: nice game!
game-hours: 97.5
review: Its free, its awesome, its parkouring space shooting with melee weapons and abilities mixed in, GET IT.
game-hours: 427.1
review: Great game, time-eater but giving satisfaction from completing a quest or crafting a new frame.
game-hours: 399.0
review: Feels like a full-game, every time I play I forget it's free-to-play.
game-hours: 185.5
review: I have put in nearly 200 hours and still counting. I quite fancy this game. The different environments and classes of enemies bring some interesting variety to the table. All the maps are randomly generated so farming for those materials to build weapons or new frames isn't quite as tedious. Equippable mods can make you that super serious player to kick some bum or that silly player that shoots exploding arrows which just might kill you too. This game is still in beta so things are constantly changing! Whichever your play style, I believe that there is a little bit for most everyone to enjoy this game. Not enjoying it? Try playing with friends! :) 9/10
game-hours: 1.3
review: This game is pretty fun... I did not enjoy it that much but if you have a gaming computer on high graphics? you will not bee dissapoint...
game-hours: 84.8
review: pretty awesome game, lots of things to shoot
game-hours: 119.8
review: yes
game-hours: 409.9
review: Space Ninjas with delicious buns. 40/10, will play until the end of time.
game-hours: 23.1
review: I know this may seem odd, and I love this game non the less. But it felt oddly like Global Agenda, it runs smoothly, overall I can say it is a great game, addicting, time consuming, and fun to play. What's to say that's bad about this game?
game-hours: 352.1
review: Very entertaining, fast-paced action. I love the style of combat as well as all of the customization and the feeling of being unique that back it up.
game-hours: 4.7
review: FUN
game-hours: 877.9
review: Warframe is truly a wonderful games that ticks all of my boxes. It's god the best Sci-Fi feel, best action and of course the Ninja feeling to it. You can choose what you want to do when it comes to missons, want to go in guns blazing? Go ahead or if you prefer a more stealth approach to it then again, go ahead. The sound has improved dramatically over the years of Warframe and is really been a milestone for the developers to be proud of. They always surprise us with every update whether it be small or big. The music is perfect, it really does add the best theme you can get to battles and of course the music varies from battle to battle. The design is just the key symbol of Warframe, why you ask? See for yourself, it's just perfect. Every little detail Digital Extremes puts into the game always made the game more beautiful. The lighting is very dynamic, it's not too bright and not too dark in missions while keeping the good mix of lights to create the desired atmosphere. Gameplay in my opinion does need a bit of working, I just think Warframe is really hard to get into when you start as it only gets good when you start getting a real challenge. Digital Extremes did a good job when it came to Ninjas, I mean come on, you get to do Parkour. You get to run on walls while shooting and perform attacks with your sword in mid air flight. That's all I can say really, well there is one more thing. Get the game. You'll wish you played this game a long time ago. 10/10.
game-hours: 8.2
review: Robots and Ninjas. Whats more to love? 11/10 Would ninja again
game-hours: 212.0
review: WARFRAME IS LIFE WARFRAME IS LOVE...............
game-hours: 1010.1
review: Hands down among the top 5 free to play games currently available.
game-hours: 363.5
review: HOW CAN YOU NOT LIKE THIS?
game-hours: 673.2
review: This is essentially Buggy McGrindwall: The game. If you're into latex coated space ninjas then its certainly one of the best options out there and can be loads of fun, but beware as once you decided there is an item/weapon/etc that you want, you will be forced to grind countless missions to get the parts, credits, and resources for it. In the case of prime items, you need to grind for keys, and then grind the keys for the parts, and then grind certain bosses for resources (which can be up to 30+ runs in total for certain items provided you don't get the drop every time as usual). Over all, this game can be extremely tedious, the stealth is half- and impractical, but has many other fun elements that make it worth it for the gameplay. Provided of course your UI doesn't bug out and stop you from clicking anything 5 times in an hour.
game-hours: 9.6
review: Hory shet it's good!!!
game-hours: 229.5
review: Good game, a lot of missions and objectives , a lot of planets , realistic animations , good graphics , a lot of good things. 5 stars from 5
game-hours: 1202.0
review: One of the best F2P games I've ever played!
game-hours: 3.7
review: An Awesome Game
game-hours: 38.2
review: chesticulicious
game-hours: 17.2
review: Pretty sweet game but i played this game for a week and got bored of it.
game-hours: 94.4
review: I love the graphics. O_O So astonishing.
game-hours: 0.4
review: good graphics
game-hours: 2.2
review: great game, its fun
game-hours: 9.3
review: Extremely good game! And im only a few hours in LOL
game-hours: 36.0
review: Fun....
game-hours: 1456.7
review: great game
game-hours: 5.1
review: GO AND GET THIS GAME NOW AND EXPERIENCE IT !!!!
game-hours: 472.4
review: I hate my life
game-hours: 8.9
review: this game is a very fast past game and it is full of adventure i highly recommened
game-hours: 4.5
review: This game is so fun. If you enjoyed the Mass Effect franchise, do give this a go. Plus, the art direction and graphics are beautiful.
game-hours: 263.1
review: This game is amazing, great graphics, but a little laggy.
game-hours: 203.8
review: Great 3rd person shooter/fighter game with great CO-OP potential for up to 4 friends. Good and incredibly friendly community both in-game and through support forums, this is by far one of my preferred games to play, when I don't want to feel the need to catch up to anyone or anything! Plus.. Space ninjas.. who doesn't friggin' love space ninjas?! 8.5/10!
game-hours: 30.4
review: EPIC GAME AND GO AWAY DURAN
game-hours: 2.1
review: Feels and plays good!
game-hours: 89.7
review: I love it because I get to know what it looks like if I'm an alien. :D
game-hours: 120.3
review: power armor...spells...killing stuff...what not to like?
game-hours: 72.0
review: This is a very good game to play if you love action; and adds to the plate with a unqiue diveristy to other games.
game-hours: 496.1
review: Try it.. It's awesome ;)
game-hours: 172.5
review: So I played Warframe a lot during the Beta. Maybe a little to much to where I out did my self on the game and then it just got boring. It started to get boring though when Shotguns came into play and anyone who had one could whipe the floor of any mission. Later on I come back and see they changed EVERYTHING. While some is nice I hate most all of the changes made. Not to mention the gameplay is still Boring however All Co op style games are boring and are even more so if one person is able to do all of the work for you. kinda like Boarderlands 2 its dull as hell. I havent yet beat it because after the first 30 mins its just straight up boring to me. Warframe is Fun playing it alone though as a single player or sometimes with one other person if they do not have something Overpowered. I got this one guy in my clan into the game...he is addicted. He has over 3K almost 4K hours into it.
game-hours: 5.1
review: groovy baby
game-hours: 0.3
review: Beautiful. Nuff suad
game-hours: 3.5
review: Good. :D
game-hours: 5.9
review: This game is very promising. A beginner's guide would help; after the initial training session I was taken to a big overview mapmenu with basically no information on how to navigate it/what to do.
game-hours: 1337.5
review: One of the best Free to Play Game ive ever seen.. Bit boring when things get repetitive, BUT when you do missions with a team, its good fun! Amazing graphics, stunning animations and skillset effects. Plus, you cant go wrong.. its free!
game-hours: 5.4
review: den/den
game-hours: 2.5
review: Sick game :P
game-hours: 655.6
review: More fun than a fat girl and a tub of crisco. I recommend that anyone who loves FPS's and MMO's give this a try.
game-hours: 903.8
review: One of the most interesting projects of 2013 that flowed into 2014 that I've seen. The game has all what a gamer needs. Guns, fancy karate gimmicks, swords. Two words: Space Ninjas. What is actually good that the game even tho is F2P but it does not follow a shadowy P2W path. You might be confused in the beggining, as getting the stuff, crafting, locations and controls. But when you get over it, you might as well like it. Another aspect that drives the attention. Constant new content updates from very friendly Developers. I might add that DEVs do take in considiration players ideas and implement ideas and throughts into a real thing. Almost all the stuff ingame can be aqquired just by playing the game, you just need to get over the beggining. BUT this game is still in beta. There could be bugs, there could be flaws. Currently DEVs implement tons of content every two months (aprox). In general this is a game that you might totally like or just play for two minutes and uninstall. Playing with friends is recomended.
game-hours: 16.4
review: Do you recommend this game? Of course I will, because it's damn good and fast action game. It's about team work and you would not miss it because it is not like other games like "pay to win". Here, everything depends on your skills and reaction, about your accuracy and moving style. So go on and download it. You won't be disapointed.
game-hours: 1682.4
review: With no doubt, one of the best F2P games. First of all it is actually free, meaning, everything in the game is obtainable without spending a single penny thanks to the in-game trading system. That speaks to DE's generosity. Fantastic customization options for both weapons and frames, Stunning visuals, addictive gameplay and a lot more, have made me to spend more than 600 hours of my time into this game. Recommend it to any and every gamer.
game-hours: 1012.8
review: This game should not be free to play. It is that good.
game-hours: 50.5
review: Awesome Games, Good Graphics, Good Gameplay, And Many More. Love This Games :*
game-hours: 103.7
review: ,
game-hours: 454.6
review: Friggin' amazing game.
game-hours: 10.6
review: CRAZY MAN CRAZY.
game-hours: 828.9
review: Fun and exciting game. That's like all I have to say.
game-hours: 434.1
review: The pinacle of MMO adapted to FPS. Third person adds to the overall experiance, custimization is to die for, graphics are Next Gen. I would advise this game to anyone and find a single person who didn't enjoy.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Good game for cooperative players. Fun misions. Overall 7/10
game-hours: 314.0
review: Good game for free to play with fun and interesting combat and teamplay but it has several severe flaws which are that it has a bad payment model, things are overpriced and you are required to buy more slots for warframes and weapons i u want more then two. Secondly the game becomes very repeatitive and there is not very much metagame. The last thing is that it is very difficult to get interested in this game starting off due to its repeativeness.
game-hours: 751.2
review: Warframe has a few quirks here and there but you should not just give this a glance. Invest at least a good hour and you'll form a new passion to the free-to-play lifestyle 8.5/10
game-hours: 700.5
review: This game is an example of free to play done (mostly) right, which is very rare. You, a member of the Tenno race, are equiped with suits known as Warframes, each with unique stats and powers. It is your mission to aid in the war between the Tenno, Grineer, Corpus, and Infested. Admitadly, the game plays like a standard third person shooter, where it really shines is all of the different weapons and mods just waiting to be discovered, like Bows to assault rifles, Health increases to abilities. It's not without it's problems, though. The game is LITTERED with microtransactions, and while optional, grinding isn't fun unless you have friends. Oh yeah, this game has a standard 4 player co-op system too, which it is usually designed around. Overall, I would suggest getting this game with a very open mindset.
game-hours: 185.2
review: Despite my username and avatar, I don't go in much for FPSs. I still LOVE this game. It's a lot like Mass Effect multiplayer, with the addition of martial arts flick acrobatics. Good balance so far in the freemium aspects -- new equipment comes along fast enough (particularly when playing with friends) that I don't feel screwed by not paying money for it. Looking forward to how this game develops over time.
game-hours: 839.3
review: Free to play, still in beta, but worth a try if you haven't checked it out yet. Great aesthetic, addictive and visceral gameplay that manages to be smooth and fluid. Lots of variety in play. Really worth a shot. And free. So what have you got to lose?
game-hours: 130.9
review: So far this has been my favorite free to play title. The amount of time I've poured into this since I started is kind of insane...
game-hours: 795.4
review: Robot Ninja Wizards in Space is probably a better title.
game-hours: 212.4
review: new hud every month, blur, bloom, flashing lights.. expensive colors... expensive scarves.. expensive skins.. expensive robot parts..  network.. laggy servers.. ded community.. im still playing it since alpha so it must be good for something 10/10 would go blind again
game-hours: 320.3
review: Spent hundreds of hours on this game, this game is really fun when you play with your friends. Warframes are unique and the majority are worth getting and trying out.
game-hours: 481.1
review: After watching The Legend Of The Drunken Master starring Jackie Chan and every Bruce Lee and Tony Jaa movie known to man I was finally qualified to join the Warframe community. After picking my first warframe (Loki) I traveled across the stars slaying untold horrors. But my blade was sturdy and my spirit strong, Infested, Grineer, Corpus I cut them all down. Hordes of enemies like a flood would droun me if it weren't for my amazing ninja abilities I would have been defeated. Warframe is amazing, and it's FREE! Only other game on my Steam Library with over a few hundred played. It is well worth it. The graphics are just beautiful for such a game and they don't even put stress on your computer, the Warframe varities, levels, modifiers, weapons and customization leave you satisfied. Not to mention the many different game modes to choose from and massive amounts of planets to trek across. You are a badass ninja fighting through the galaxy with your amazing suit (Warframe) abilities and destructive weapons that can all also be modified with Mods you find. Best free game I know of. I highly recomend it.
game-hours: 17.5
review: WarFrame is the best free to play game so far and i recommend it to most people cause its fun to play co-op with people, and Ninja-Aliens in it so why not =D .
game-hours: 63.0
review: It's free, try it. Game is fun with friends, good graphics, and plays nicely. Problem for me was how repetitive it is.
game-hours: 2.6
review: When there was aliens i went to doctor and bout a cheese bottle andi ate it for free. When i lept i saw aliens were dead and bick  in my hand. So i cooked it and made soup
game-hours: 66.4
review: One of the best FTP games. You dont have to pay to be good,and it's awesome
game-hours: 137.1
review: This is a game that is fast and a fun shooter. Need i say more?
game-hours: 1058.8
review: This game is a masterpiece, there are some things here and there they could fix. Bugs aside, it's great game, and I highly reccomend (Recomend? I can't even spell) it to anyone who loves shooters.
game-hours: 16.1
review: I love playing this when I'm stoned
game-hours: 707.6
review: Awesome game especially with friends.
game-hours: 542.6
review: addicting game plus cool graphics
game-hours: 9.7
review: God Damn Space Ninjas. That is all.
game-hours: 78.4
review: Let's see... How can I describe this game?  YEAH THIRD PERSON SPACE NINJA ASSASSIN WITH A KATANA WHO GOES AROUND KILLING PEOPLE, AND SAVING THE GALAXY, AND HE CAN WALK UP WALLS AND . GET IT. IT'S FRE, AND IT GIVES ME AN ERECTION.
game-hours: 10.8
review: great game to play with friends <3
game-hours: 56.1
review: Great game lots of fun
game-hours: 84.0
review: Fun.
game-hours: 587.5
review: Got stuck in a wall as all of the enemies lost control of their limbs and flailed around, 10/10 would have a seizure again.
game-hours: 419.0
review: this is like metal gear rising with a bit of slow close combat but replace with badass guns :3
game-hours: 1040.6
review: One badass game
game-hours: 39.9
review: top notch create graphics fun community and over all a dam good game if you like gears of war or anything similiar id recommend this jam
game-hours: 33.3
review: Started playing this game two days ago, and has been running smoothly so far. The co-op gameplay is really impressive and fun to play. There's always the option to get into a mission by yourself and hope that people are going to join you, but some missions aren't well-balanced for solo play. The graphics of the game is okay and most critically, there's no lag or ping display anywhere. There's a good variety of guns to choose from, including really powerful bows that can pin enemies against the wall, I think the swordsman archetype was a little overplayed, the melee combat here is also satisfyingly weighty. Charged attacks that can cut enemies clean in half are their own reward. One of Warframe's significant issues at the moment is its failure to display important information, especially in the mission-select interface, other than that the game was pretty well made and I will recommend this game to all who are looking for some fun in co-op gameplays.
game-hours: 757.6
review: This game is a great mixture of third person shooter, sci-fi, and ninja all bundled up into one great free-to-play game. Has great variation of enemies and is loads of fun with friends. I highly recommend this game to anyone especially if you like third-person shooters and the
game-hours: 0.2
review: Geras
game-hours: 2481.1
review: let paly it ;D
game-hours: 13.2
review: This game is amazing! I haven't played it for long, but, I spent a good amount of time trying it out for the first time. May I say... BRAVO! Jumping around in a space ninja suit is awesome... Choose your playstyle! Stealthy or plain Rambo, this game allows either! Smooth interface, incredible graphics, an immersive selection of mulitplayer and solo missions... And extremely satisfying mechanics! The only way you can be disappointed is if you don't have a good enough PC! This game is flat out amazing! The best part... All of this for free!
game-hours: 34.8
review: Wanna be a badass futuristic shooter ninja, runing on walls, sliding on the floor with a mix of magic ? Don't even think twice, it's free and awesome !
game-hours: 66.5
review: Its a pretty good game , but gets a bit repetitive and the level designs of the first two worlds seem to be quite similar. The ninja movement is quite fun to experiment with , as their isnt really any tutorial to tell you each individual jump. Either way this is a good game to play with others or even on your own. I recommend this game to anyone whos into ninja mechanics and tps'.
game-hours: 83.1
review: Warframe is a co-op game (up to 4 players) inwhich the player choses 3 warframes upfront being vangaurd, volt, and loki to start their adventure through the galaxy. You are an ancient warrior designed to do specific tasks. You will go through levels solo or with your team completing various objectives, finding loot, and leveling up your gear and it never gets boring; the levels randomize every single time so you will never play the same map on any level. Though, only 3 warframes can be used for free upfront, that does not mean they are the worst, some consider them to be the most powerful or atleast equal to the others in their various playstyles. There are roughly 6-8 other warframes currently which can be made in real time (3days) by blue print bought from the marketplace with credits, and parts dropped from bosses or platinum bought with real money. Platinum is extremely expensive and I do not reccomend buying it to get a warframe or gear. You'll be able to craft everything(as far as im aware) though it will take some time, you save the money in your pockets. (trust me, i've made this mistake) There are tons of things to keep the player intwined with this game for hours between difficult missions, random events, and playing with their friends. The only cons about this game thus far are the high priced platinum and the beta stage bugs that occure but not very often. It seems that each day there are bug fixes. There is much more to be described about this game but due to the lack of space i have left >.> i can not go over everything. Another con that some might not like is how long it takes to level your avatar, ive spent well over 12 hours and im only lvl 1, though everything availiable to you right now only needs lvl 2. Your avatar lvl is seperate from the gear lvl which goes much faster and maxes out at 30(from what i've heard). For a free to play game and a quick download I HIGHLY reccomend this for you and your friends.
game-hours: 128.1
review: Warframe is a good 3rd person shooter AND its free so cant complain.
game-hours: 5.7
review: `warframe` is a very good game and slightly like Prince Of Persia where you can sprint across walls, The Reason why i think this game is good is because you can purchase weapons and most of all play and enjoy all of the missions.I would definately recommend this game to any sort of player.
game-hours: 1056.5
review: Fast-paced, high octane space ninja action, what more could you want? I mean, come on, SPACE NINJAS.
game-hours: 535.2
review: The best f2p game I have ever had. In fact the best game I have ever had in general. Runs really well on all but the worst computers
game-hours: 315.1
review: Once you get into it, it's ing addictive. Like my buddy (morker) said, "it's mindless fun".
game-hours: 186.5
review: particle effects + farming
game-hours: 825.6
review: If you liked the ME 3 multiplayer, you'll love this. Lovely little f2p game that has a lot of potential in the beta stages.
game-hours: 655.5
review: An extremely fun, fast paced and challenging third person shooter. Different Warframes provide a wide variety of play experiences and the number of different mission types and environments stops the core gameplay getting boring. Definitely worth a try.
game-hours: 9.2
review: i RECCOMEND CUZ BANANA AND THE AMAZING SHEEZH ICAN DO W/ PISTOL + SPRINT KEY + CROUCH KEY.....
game-hours: 1.9
review: JA tom krijgt ier nen grote tap van
game-hours: 84.8
review: Great game for a beta it has a few glitches here and there but thats what all betas have right?
game-hours: 584.6
review: The best free-to-play from launch I've ever played. This game is fast, fun, stylish and very enjoyable. So much so that I paid for it after the first 40 hours! Try it out and see if you like it; you've got nothing to lose but time.
game-hours: 342.4
review: THIS GAME HAS ALOT OF GRINDING BUT ITS ALSO FUN WHY IS IT FUN HELP ME I CANT STOP PLAYING IT HELP
game-hours: 853.4
review: A very fun game at just the rigth price. I would say that this isnt just a fun free game, but also a really good game, period.
game-hours: 85.1
review: Probably the best free to play out there,
game-hours: 1200.0
review: Warframe is one of the Best games I have ever played! Beautiful graphics, awesome Coop Third-person gameplay and FREE TO PLAY!!! Get it now, No questions asked!
game-hours: 502.1
review: Veteran Warframe player here. This game is very fun to play with friends however becomes dull very quickly if you're playing alone. The game itself has great graphics and controls however the gameplay grows dull as the maps are generated using a tile system and you'll see yourself fighting the same enemies. However this is made up by the vast amount of weapons in the game as well as the damage rework that the staff did. The staff really listen to the community and try to respond to the best of their ability. I would say that Warframe has one of the best staff for not only listening and responding to the community but also doing livestreams and giving away Platinum. Platinum is Warframes in-game currency that can only be bought with real world currency, as expected from a f2p game. However there are little to no paywalls in this game. For me, I didn't have to spend any money on this game however the only aspect that I would count a paywall is the limitation on slots for weapons and warframes (the suits). You are given free platinum when creating an account which can be spent on buying slots for more weapons and warframes however once you start spending more time and creating more items you'll see yourself running out of space. This game however is a f2p game and getting hundred's of hours out of it is worth spending money on. In all however you start to see yourself just grind for weapons, materials, and levels through the same tiles over an over again so the game becomes very dull and boring which is why I recommend playing this game with friends as well as to treat this game as something you would just play casually.
game-hours: 278.2
review: Its grinding a lot of grinding but it's CYBER NINJA GRINDING.
game-hours: 199.0
review: Alien space ninjas cruise around the universe crashing parties and saving hostages. It's good.
game-hours: 63.3
review: iz gud game
game-hours: 366.5
review: Closed Beta player here. Warframe is an excellent action TPS about, well, space ninjas. The gameplay is great and its aesthetics have improved a lot. With an unique art style and fun, fast paced gameplay, this F2P game is fantastic and you should try it out. (What's there to lose?) Don't worry about "pay to win" as there is really nearly nothing you can get with paid currency that you can't get through playing.
game-hours: 93.4
review: Space ninjas! I could stop my recommendation there, however there is more! It's free and beautiful. The land scape, ship design and detail are amazing. This is a great hack and slash third person game that atleast deserves a try.
game-hours: 374.8
review: NINJA PLAYS FOR FREE. BEST PVE GAME BETTER VS THE PVP GAMES DAT ARE FREE becos ders more to dat meets the eye
game-hours: 197.4
review: I found this game difficult to understand at first but as soon as you complete the tutorial it all just fits perfectly in place
game-hours: 51.1
review: warfame is an AWSOME game i love it...its a very good game.....my preference is first person shooters but this game is a great exception this game maes it not even matter it is so awsome......sadly for me i do not like how u have to pay for more charecters or craft them which takes forever but besides thatfact the charecters are well balenced and it is a great game
game-hours: 180.6
review: Suggest you play this game if you like violence, shooting, 3rd person and sci-fi :D. Really good and free to play, unless you want to buy platnium.
game-hours: 6.3
review: the game is so fast and i like that in a game :)
game-hours: 219.6
review: Pros: -Good graphics -Fun gameplay -Lots of weapons to choose from Cons: -Expensive items in market -Expensive in-game currency. But it a fun game you know. but im not sure why platinum is expensive, its still in open beta. would be better if there was credit to platinum exchange or be able to buy everything in the market with credits. I only reccomend this game for people who have lots of cash to spend on to support the Devs or for people who want to experience a fun coop sci fi action game with friends or other people.
game-hours: 1999.1
review: I've had so much fun in this game, it is simply amazing and impressive. An interesting concept, with nice asthetics across the board to boot, and fun gameplay. It's main drawback is an endgame of a massive grindfest depending on where you want to go, but even so you can still have fun with what you have. In all, it was a fun experience to be part of, and still is today.
game-hours: 7.0
review: Dis is pooper scooper game
game-hours: 16.1
review: Quite fun to play online and alone, only thing that felt bad was limited inventory slots, that you have to buy with real money.
game-hours: 343.0
review: Fast-paced, PVE, sci-fi with an incredible art direction. And it's free! And it's fun!
game-hours: 242.4
review: Got a ton of hours, LoL and Dota2 just not filling your daily grind, and like to jump around being tech ninja? Then Warframe is chances are for you. A game still rising up from a Beta status, it's pretty damn repetative for sure, but it at least offers you some goals to reach out towards. Better gear, upgrading gear, upgrading cards to enhance gear, and the long grind to get just ONE more warframe suit to use. It will take you HOURS, inclduing after the recent updates, to see progress, but in a F2P enviroment, that's kinda given isn't? On that note, for the MOST PART, it is pay to go faster, as ( anything outside of colors and extra slots ) can be earned without spending a cent onto the game...if you are pacent enough anyway...
game-hours: 198.0
review: This game is fun and comes out with lots of new content it is simply awesome
game-hours: 2327.2
review: Totally awesome, but i've been playing a while now, and it's crying out for a new race.
game-hours: 505.6
review: This game is too good to be free to play, become the space ninja you always wanted to be. Slice your enemies and use your powers and abilities to eliminate your foes in the snap of your fingers. Grab a couple of friends and save the system. (good game)
game-hours: 295.1
review: The new standard in which all Free-to-Play games should strive for. Digital Extremes has raised the bar once again since they first created Unreal Tournament. Warframe is simply pure bliss to play.
game-hours: 373.5
review: Well, this game is kinda out of my expection. Not just a simple shooting and cuting game...This game has a very unique weapon and mods system, and you can also craft your own weapon and gear. (That means you don't need to waste your money in the online shop, unless you love showing off...) Although it is almost impossible for low level players to solo most of the maps, it is a online game..so....why not make a team with other people. ( PS: the main reason why I love this game is because .....Hint: Metal Gear )
game-hours: 30.8
review: Warframe is one of the best multiplayer games out there which is worth playing it. The game is simple, you play a role as a Tenno and fight enemies in outer space. When I started playing the game for the first time, I found it a bit hard to understand the interface especially on how to mod your warframe & weapons, how to use the foundry to build tools, how to obtain resources(played before update 11 was out)... because it somehow lacks the tutorial for such(i guess its one of the cons). Excalibur was my first warframe(actually it was Loki but then I made a new account to link with Steam and chose Exca instead). After a few rounds, I found it being addictive especially when playing with friends or random strangers online. The graphic is good and lovely. The dev really put aan effort to make the game more realistic despite making it fun and enjoyable to play. It kinda has this Mass Effect feel to it due to the space environment and being a 3rd person. The beautiful environment really brings up my mood to play the game more. Getting credits to buy stuff in the game can be hard since the items in the market require a lot of credits. Plus, most of the items sold require platinums, which you can't never get in-game and have to use real money and purchase it online. But that doesn't stop you from obtaining cool items like premium users. Instead of buying directly, you can buy the blueprints of the desired weapon from the market and build it in the foundry but you have to spent quite a lot of credits on the blueprint, excluding the materials you need to build the item and of course building cost and a long waiting time. Some items like Warframe can take up to 3 days to be built in the foundry and require rare materials such as Orokin cell, Neural sensors etc which is time - consuming. So if you can't buy the weapons straight away, you can use the alternate way, but it'll cost you. I don't think this game has any storyline but somehow it can be related to Dark Sector(previous game made by the same dev). So I can't say much about this because you don't have any clear goals other than fighting enemies, bosses and farming materials. But this game is always updated by the dev so there are surprises coming(new mission, warframe, weapon, boss etc) so keep yourself updated. So far I really enjoyed playing it, got new warframes and weapons in my inventory and unlocked a few systems. Overall, I would say it's a pretty decent game and I suggest that gamers out there should try this game. Play solo, or with friends or with random users, it can never seize to amaze you. So Tenno, get framed up and fight 'cause NINJAS PLAY FREE!!!
game-hours: 2130.8
review: In all honesty and entirely an opinion, this is a very well made game. Having patches pretty much every week or so, DE manages to pull off some amazing things with this game. Now onto the game itself, it's a sci-fi third person shooter. This is one of those rare F2P games which can be enjoyed with friends,random people or just going in solo. The gameplay is pretty much what you would expect from a TPS, but you have a lot of movement and actions to pull off in this game, making you have that "ninja feel." If you're a person who does not mind farming for items or rather just enjoy that, this game has plenty of that. But after all that and finishing up your warframe or weapon, you'll have the satisfaction of just playing with a new toy you made. You have a wide variety of "Warframes" consisting of different powers to pretty much choose from and see what interests you the best. Weapons are always being put into the game to make things more interesting, from kunais,dual swords,scythes rockets, etc. The lore is another eye candy for those who love to read into games to learn their story. Now onto the topic of paying real money. You really don't need to give money to play this game. This game in no way is a P2W, I would say 70-80% of the items in the shop can be bought with in-game money or "alerts"(missions in which will give you special drops from time to time). But if you are to pay money it's only for cosmetics or space in your inventory, which in all honesty is not that bad since you can delete weapons which you don't feel you like anymore and move on.
game-hours: 1911.1
review: "Made by the same crew who did Dark Sector. Feels and looks very polished even though its in beta. Very fun, I'm looking forward to the new content the Devs come up with.
game-hours: 470.6
review: Probably my favorite free game our there right now, others include Path of Exile, Ghost Recon Online, League of Legends, and Loadout. This is a great example of how the business model in a F2P game should be. Any item that you can buy for real money, you can easily get for free. Anything that you can't get for free is purely cosmetic. Graphics are great for a free game, and crafting a new gun or warfame just never seems to get boring. It is kind of a grindfest though, and after spending almost 200 hours into this, i'm starting to get burnt out... It's still in beta and I've heard that the devs are gonna start to change things a bit, make it more interesting. As it stands now its a must play. It's free, so theres nothing to lose :).
game-hours: 588.9
review: Ever played Mass Effect 3 Multiplayer? This is very similar, except it most of the game modes are more akin to dungeon runs than static defense. That being said, shooty stabby space ninja super funtime is quite entertaining. Very fast paced gameplay.
game-hours: 852.8
review: Its fun to pass the time and having patience will get you anything in the game.
game-hours: 12.1
review: gud game
game-hours: 841.6
review: One of the more addicting f2p's out there
game-hours: 1785.0
review: Halp, it ate what was left of my life :<
game-hours: 12.6
review: GOOD GAME THIS
game-hours: 842.0
review: Never heard of it? LOOK IT UP
game-hours: 10.3
review: This game is epic, with amazing gameplay, amazing graphics, and it is just really fun to go around as these alien ninjas.... 1 tip though... don't forget to use your special moves that you learn before anything else.... EPIC GAME
game-hours: 996.0
review: Listen, I've been playin this bad boy since the get go and I've watched it grow and prosper so mark my words: When this game releases it will be the best 3rd person shooter ever. Possible catch 22: This game has been in beta for 3 and a half years.
game-hours: 135.5
review: Its a rather addictive game, and I like playing with Kubrow genetics. Trying to get an interesting one :O
game-hours: 18.0
review: this is one high graphiced game with a great story line love it
game-hours: 321.9
review: Great Game! Very good co-op if you wanted to play something with your friends. However the solo gameplay is just as good. Even though you can buy things in the game with real money it is not a pay to win game, as long as you play regularly you will be able to get the best gear just like everyone else. Highly recommend the game!
game-hours: 1742.9
review: Best third person Ninja game I've played. Very fast paced co-op or stealthy solo play. Loads of wall running, jumping, flipping, and tons of other stuff. Weapons and characters can be crafted and modded to fit your style.
game-hours: 111.0
review: I'm not reccomending this game because of its core dynamics (Farm fo dayz) I'm reccomending it because it can be something better within the coming years/months. My only plea is that they make sure that the main story line is good for holding out for so long, and to decrease some mod drop rates and to decrease the time needed to create Warframes/weapons. This game has a lot of potential and I enjoy watching it grow.
game-hours: 86.1
review: Warframe is a very nice looking game with pretty decent performance compared to the graphics, this game may take some time to get used to but in the end it will become very fun there are lots of items to craft and collect and lots of weapons and Warframes to choose from. 8.5/10
game-hours: 107.6
review: make it on friking mac
game-hours: 3173.2
review: If you ask me, Best game of all time!! Free Shooter MMO Sci-Fi Ninja Game. Make your own perfect killing machine, Collect Mods to power op your Frame Pet and weapons!!! Good Hunting. xD
game-hours: 9.1
review: Recomendo!
game-hours: 13.7
review: Amazing Co Op F2P game that can be played for quite a long time without paying any money. Not at all a pay to win.
game-hours: 12.6
review: Is the best shooter i've played, because it combines futuristic guns and melee attacks, also parkour.
game-hours: 191.8
review: Warframe has incredibly imursive gameplay, it is free to play and is not pay to win, sure you can unlock most things much quicker but everything in the game is accessible without paying except for skins which is really cool. The multiple experiance systems really brings a strong dynamic of replayablity and scaling to the game!
game-hours: 0.7
review: This game is pretty fun but I would say it's kinda easy. Maybe make it a little less predictable.
game-hours: 7.2
review: e cel mai tare joc,va spun eu :D
game-hours: 363.1
review: For a free to play game it is simply amazing. The amount of customization and changing gameplay beats many pay-to-play that i own. The best part is this title is not built around model where you are forced to pay $ to progress, everything can be created through collecting resources and money. Put 20+ hours and still finding new types of missions and more features that I didn't know were in the game.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 5.1
review: "Meh, it's okay..." -IGN 9.5/10
game-hours: 354.7
review: warframe is an exalent game, and is highly addictive
game-hours: 331.9
review: AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 333.3
review: Maybe this is what are you searching for , Warframe is free-to-play cooperative third person shooter video game , and you should give it a try because it worth.
game-hours: 37.7
review: Warframe is a great sci-fi thirdperson shooter. The shooting feels great playing in the suits or "Warframes" feels great. The abilities are fun to use. And it seems to run fine on my old laptop. The game is still being updated and there are events quite often. There is actually a story in the game, not the best, not the worst. The game uses a easy-to-use card-based modding system to up your abilities, weapons etc. Plus: -Great variety of weapons and Warframes. -Everything in the game can be get without purchasing, except Warframe and weapons slots. -You get 70 Platinum (In-game currency.) to use when starting. I recommend spending them on weapon and Warframe slots. -Clan system and customisable dojo. -Big and easy-to-use card-based modding system to upgrade your gear. -Lots of different planets and missions. -Play with your friends using the in-game invitation system or play with random people via the in-game matchmaking. -Randomly generated levels. Cons: -The levels are randomly generated but they look the same a lot. -The prices in the shop are sometimes absurd. -A few bugs and glitches here and there but the game is in openbeta. -Some of the mechanics are sometimes unexplained. Like the parcour mechanic. -Foundy crafting is really irritating. -Joining a session via matchmaking is sometimes pretty irritating and sometimes just doesn't work. The game is still receiving updates and new weapons, Warframes etc. I give this game a 8.5/10.
game-hours: 1225.0
review: I have over 600 hours and it never gets boring
game-hours: 238.6
review: i reccomend to people who likes guns and weapons
game-hours: 169.9
review: Space ninjas super fast technologic many-ways-to-kill fast action meleestyle very custom customization and cool co-op gory halarious action game.
game-hours: 16.0
review: This Game totally ROCKS :) never played anything better than this
game-hours: 65.6
review: Takes a long time and can sometimes seem repetitive, but the challenges it presents will keep you coming back. If you end up getting this game or already have it and are not in a clan. Let me know. I will invite you to join mine and give you some gear.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Do you like an intense storyline?! Too bad... Do you like epic characters?! Deal with it... Do you like Space Ninja's with freakin Assult Rifles, Pistols, and an OP Meelee weapons?! THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!
game-hours: 913.0
review: Who can shoot lasers out of their hands to overload the surroundings? Volt can. Who can summon slain enemies to fight for you? Nekros can. Who can destabilize the atoms in enemies so they explode? Nova can. Who can suck enemies into a crushing ball? Vauban can. Who can summon the kraken to wreck havoc behind enemy lines? Hydroid can. Who can tank and ram trough enemy lines? Rhino can. Who can slash an enemy in half in mid air and make a gracefull landing? You can. Over 19 unique warframes to play with, each with a distinct playstyle. Craft new weapons to suit your playstyle, from grenade launchers to flame throwers to ninja stars. Oh and they have pistols too ;) Collect over 300 mods to customize your warframes and weapons, strengthen abilities and even add elemental damage types (fire, electricity) to your weapons. Fight against bosses, do alert missions which are only available for a limited time. Or help one of the two enemy factions in operations. The opposing team will not be happy with your interference and will send someone special after you at a later time... Or maybe you encounter the feared assassin named the Stalker? Replay certain missions on nightmare mode for an extra challenge, with a rare mod as a reward. Or will you go out into the Void to explore its secrets? Void towers are filled with loot, traps, parkour courses and hidden chambers. Go into a void ship to unlock the vault, and collect the secret artifact locked within. I could go on like this for a very long time, suffice to say that I really like this game! It may be a bit grindy at times, especially with newly added systems, but if you are willing to look past that it is a really good game. The devs have a weekly livestream and really listen to feedback and suggestions from the community. (S)Alad V for president! Enjoy your greedy milk! Have some blue potatos for dinner ;) Fav taunt: Red the klem de tauri!
game-hours: 680.7
review: really fun, can get repetitive, but you will be too addicted to getting new weapons to notice, the gameplay is great. you will need to put a lot of time into this game, unless you want to pay your way through, i havent wasted a single cent and i wreck people in pvp. Runs very easily, even in not that great machines, a good 500mb video card should do the trick, but still, great graphics
game-hours: 904.3
review: I reccomend all peoplle to at least try out Warframe, it has a bit of a rough start, but once you get into it, it is an amazingly fun game. Microtransactions are not required at all, and the only thing that can't be bought without money is slots and cosmetics.
game-hours: 644.1
review: This game is an absolute must if you are looking for a quick and dirty third person shooter. From free running mechanics to a huge selection of weapons, this game features lots of customization options, great graphics, and a back-story that gets extremely strange when the fans have dealt with it. (Space potatoes, anyone?) You can sink some real world money into this game, but it is far from required in order to progress. There are server errors from time to time and occasional disconnection issues. Coming form a game in open beta though, Warframe does a great job of offering what could very well be a finished project. "Sensors show a security force coming your way. It's the Grineer..."
game-hours: 58.6
review: fun 3rd person shooter with awsome animation, more game modes, new lvls, custimize your charcter and much more!!!! we even got 4 player co-op or u could just go solo or maybe go to a private lobby with your friends and have fun!!!....cnt wait too see u guys on the Warframe Field!!!!! Sky Out.
game-hours: 812.1
review: The Facts- Game rating based on the ESRB Single-player and Multi-Player [Online] Platforms: Microsoft Windows and Playstation 4 Developer: Digital Extremes Genre: Third Person Shooter/ Hack n' Slash ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Plot- You are a survivor of a alien species known as Tenno, thought to have been extinct long before the games start. You wake up from a pod to find that there is a massive galactic war between two factions; Corpus and Grineer. You fight your war through to survive forging your own path to either fight to unite the surviving Tenno and be the war monger species that kept the universe under control with ancient technology known as Warframes or to fight only for the riches. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Character Design- The characters you play are soundless agile ninja that you get almost full customization of. You re guided by a burden navigator known as "Lotus" She is used to guide you and warn you of oncoming danger in game, however, like all Navi talk through, they are just annoying. Bosses can be exceedingly hard and there is a good amount of enemy variation between the Corpus, Grinneers, and Infested. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Sound & Artwork- The music is enemy triggered and it is seemly soundless when you're not being hunted down or in fire fights. There is barely any musical style to the game. Sounds are basic with Armor clashing against blade and bullets burrowing through flesh into bone. You can hear a good lot of the damage you inflict. Visually the game is gorgeous, even on the lowest settings the environment and characters always look shockingly great. A thing to note down is the blur effects that can happen when in huge skirmishes. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Gameplay- With all the cons of the style of the game this is where it takes my heart. The gameplay is amazing, with a ton of map variation that is not the same a good portion of time, the hack and slash feel mixed with strategic gun play and puzzles. It makes me feel like I am playing Ninja Gaiden with better controls and guns. Fast passed loot fest action and incredible special abilities make for an amazing rush. there are a few bugs right now due to it being in BETA. The customization in Warframe is wide but complex when it comes to upgrading. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Conclusion- All in all I'd have to give the game an 8.75/10 Due to all the faults it has. Even with it being in BETA. The replay value however will be 10/10 because if you like it you'll stick with it through the whole thing for awhile. I know I do. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
game-hours: 106.2
review: ,  Mass Effect. Very good reminds The Mass Effec.
game-hours: 329.4
review: Its diffrent from most games but its sooo fun. The only problem i had so far is how many warframes and weapon slots you can have. Its annoying cause you have to spend money for more slots. But from that its one of my top games atm.
game-hours: 37.4
review: yes play this game won't stop
game-hours: 27.2
review: VARIOUS ABHUMANS BATTLE THRU THE HEAVENS! CHEAP AS FREE! SHOOT MANY THINGS AND COLLECT MUCH STUFF IN THE PURSUIT OF SWEET NECTARINE POWER! YOUR SEARCH IS POTENTIALLY ENDLESS, BUT ENJOYABLE WOULD SUGGEST PARTICIPATING IF YOU ENJOY GUNS AND SPACE
game-hours: 380.2
review: I have spent (unbeknownst to me) over 300 hours playing this game and I have nothing but positive things to say. Despite the fact that many free-to-play games often require you to pay in order to progress, this isn't true with Warframe. As I've learned from the very beginning you could play for hours-upon-hours without having to spend a single penny. It wasn't until I was nearing 100 hours that I realized how much I enjoyed this game. Not only that, but I also thought that investing in (platinum for) the game would only help make my already-pleasant experience even better. Warframe has evolved alot in the small amount of time that I've played it. Through player purchases the developers have added new maps, new mods, a killer melee battling system, and outstanding and unique missions and modes that only add to the spontaneity of this game. Just imagine a game that mixes Ninja Gaiden with Call of Duty with Vanquish. From my own personal experience, it's worth checking out - especially if you're a college student (like myself) and are strapped for spending money on the new games coming out every-so-often. Give this game a shot and I'm sure you will come to find at least a few things that make Warframe a fun, great, and unique experience. Game On. - Lenny
game-hours: 294.7
review: Rating: ++++ Very fun game, however you do need to put some time in it and get into the game to get good gear and stuff like that. one very big plus of this game is that all gear can be crafter with resouces you gain troughout the game, so even if you dont have the money you can still have everything that somone who pays also has. with the exeption of a few decorational stuff wich does not affect gameplay.
game-hours: 76.6
review: everything is over priced
game-hours: 654.3
review: This game has everything you could ever want
game-hours: 523.7
review: This is a fun game! :)
game-hours: 305.4
review: Mass Effect Gameplay with more creation and less plot based aspects
game-hours: 14.7
review: A surprisingly good sci-fi game that doesn't fail to impress. Gorgeous graphics, gripping gamplay and massive multiplayer action make this game a great next-gen titile!
game-hours: 204.3
review: Awesome shooter game. Recommend for all who like a good scifi action game.
game-hours: 255.2
review: just an amazing game im hooked
game-hours: 13.7
review: It is really fun and i will play it on PS4
game-hours: 3.9
review: Simply and Stunningly amazing.I recommend it to all who play games
game-hours: 132.6
review: A fun co-op fps with leveling elements. In addition to your characters, your account, weapons and minions gain levels as you progress. With higher levels, you can apply modules to your items, increasing various attributes in them. Modules themselves are drops, and the module collecting and building your gear mechanics feel like deck building in a collectible card game. The game is peer-hosted, which probably helps keep the game free to play, but also means that you will sometimes end up playing on a server that is hosted on a connection that can't handle the bandwidth requirements of four players. This can be somewhat resolved with ping-filtering peers, especially if you have the connection and cpu power to host yourself. Almost everything in the game can be obtained without paying real money (except character/weapon slots), but as usual, time is money, and helps you progress faster.
game-hours: 657.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2617.3
review: I downloaded it initialy becouse it was a free game on steam. it sat there after my first few mision for a couple months, i practicly ignored it at first but then i relize people in my guild wars clan were enthralled by it, since then I,ve played it for about a week and it brought me closer to people in my guild i sooner hadent even known funny how stuff like that can work. to really love and understand this game you need to know a few things the current priceing for a few packs like excaliber prime is a project to give people limited time weapons to further increase production of the game as awhole. this game is currently in open beta and as such has some bugs most of wich are negligable. the currency system gives players the ability to buy everything no grind required get your warframe your guns and off you go to be some kinda crazy space ninja. the most importent part of the game however is that if you purchase the high end 200$ bundle your ideas can truely play an ear and major roll in development. some can say thats a bad thing but howmeany opertunitys to you find now a day to actualy controle the content in your persistent world. in closeing the game is majorly focused on co-op not pvp in fact the devs words pvp will go as far as friendly sparing nothing more. i think thats as far as i can stress how awsome this game is and can potentialy be its free you have nothing to lose
game-hours: 275.6
review: Fun
game-hours: 262.0
review: Amazing game. Repetitive but addiciting and fun. Once you've started getting far in the game u are bassicly forced to spend real currency to advance. If money isn't to much of a problem its an amazing game!
game-hours: 0.5
review: Killing, destroying, killing again, bombing, smashing, again killing. AWSESOME!
game-hours: 3104.0
review: If my play time wasn't enough of an indicator, this game is so much fun that it stole my life. Visceral combat, agile movement, and great aesthetic keep me from doing pretty much anything else. Play this game. Hit me up when you do, I'm always down to help.
game-hours: 53.7
review: its awesome to play dota
game-hours: 519.2
review: Comment rsumer Warframe ? Proposer de jouer un Ninja Cyborg, dots de pouvoirs divers, devant accomplirs des objectifs varis dans tout le systme solaire, arm parmis une pltore d'armes modulables... il fallait oser. Et a marche. Ne vous laissez pas avoir par son statut de jeu en beta. Le systme, bien que relativement simple  prendre en main, propose dj une multitude de variation qu'il faut du temps pour matriser. Les dveloppeurs sont ambitieux et  l'coute de la communaut et ajoutent rgulirement du nouveau contenu... que demander d'autre ?
game-hours: 6.0
review: xyz
game-hours: 955.8
review: Sick Game, totally addict to who likes Sci-fi Robotic Humanoid, very acrobatic gameplay, definitely a best choice for those who love 3rd Person Shooting gameplay
game-hours: 326.9
review: Ive been playing the Beta since forever and all they do is make it better with more interesting weapons, moves and story. Cannot wait to see whats next.
game-hours: 20.6
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 13.5
review: This Is A really EPIC Game!!!!
game-hours: 108.7
review: I have to say, this game is amazing. It's primarily free, but its so good it makes me want to buy one of the packs (which i will be). The gameplay is fun, customization makes combat unique and advancing. Tzhe game constantly provides a challenging experience and the visuals are great If Mass Effect and Metal Gear made love and had a child, Warframe would be that child.
game-hours: 727.7
review: This is basically a mix of third-person action, ninjas, parkour, advanced tech and awesomeness. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 195.8
review: This game has a bit of a grind, other than that its pretty good.
game-hours: 2310.8
review: Love it!
game-hours: 41.4
review: Cut a man with a mushroom-shaped head in half. 11/10
game-hours: 36.3
review: AWESOME GAME. FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY :D
game-hours: 512.0
review: Amazing free to play-Action rpg "shooter" (Warframe needs a genre description of its own,don't make the mistake of thinking of the usual  quality for f2p-shooters,this is something else.) + Great quality for a f2p-game with constant updates and improvements. + It's completely free,you don't have to spend any money on anything unless you want to (no restrictions) and all of the platinum purchases are convenience. + There's a wide selection of Warframes,weapons and cosmetic items and new stuff is constantly getting added. + Tons of content,altho quality of the content varies,it is mostly lobby-based indoor tunnel-shooting missions and levels can get repetetive since there isn't an awful lot of variation in environment and mission types. But again,new stuff is getting added on a regular basis and the developers are good at their jobs and listen to the community. + Great for Coop-play,up to 4players in a squad,different outloads and frames can work well together and make things easier,and there's plenty of challenges such as survival and endless defense missions with waves of increasingly difficult enemies. -The community is a mixed bag but still a LOT better than most f2p shooters. But since it is a free-to-play and literally anyone can pick this up (+console players) you'll still see a lot of kids,spamming and allcaps attentionwhoring. If you haven't played this game I can only recommend you try it out,you've got nothing to lose but potentially a bit (or lot) of your time^^ It's surprisingly good for a free to play and oozing quality.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Good game. A little light on story for my taste, but that's personal opinion. Fun to play, the fact that maps change every mission is neat, and customization is varied and interesting. Overall; Definitely worth playing.
game-hours: 618.0
review: I give this game a Ten(no)!
game-hours: 347.9
review: Holy  dude. TWO WORDS. SPACE. NINJAS. YEAH DUDE, SPACE NINJAS. FAST ACTION, MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF CUSTOMIZATION, ITS A GOOD GAME. GO GET IT AND HIT ME UP. I'LL BOOST THE  OUT OF YOU.
game-hours: 49.0
review: Warframe while not being the best f2p games I have played is defiantly one of the better ones. While it is true that you spend alot of time grinding, and that the silver(ingame currency paid with real money) is oddly expensive those do not take away the fun of the game.
game-hours: 177.4
review: Warframe is a special type of game as compared to other games... There are few games that will make you fell quite as much of a badass at level one before abruptly reminding you that well youre just that level 1. With your little rifle and weak armour. Then as you work your way up from there you begin to fell that badassness from day 1 creeping back up your spine youve finally crafted your own weapon and are slaughtering endless waves of enemies with it while your teammates (in your imagination anyway) Stand there in awe of your awesome power. Warframe is a very interesting experience. It doesnt have any pay to win mechanism but more of a pay to shot theings fast mechanism. The fact that you can most probably (With the right set of friends) Play the game from level 1 till youve finished mnost of the game so far, without spending any money at all is a good sign. the item crafting can get a bit tedious sending oyu off to systems that you quite frankly are affraid of you will find that that sweet joy of finally crafting a weapon to your likeness, or finding out that the weapon you just spent hours crafting if of no use what-so-ever. Can be almost enjoyable. The story and the quests following a sort of Space ninja group known as the tenno is slightly watered out to make way for all the awesome looking graphics and weapons(Pew pew all the way). But that isnt saying that the story is weak not at all. I have found myself at some points almost talking to the lotus(The AI entity that will guide you through the game) and its heavy reliance on co-operative play (I tried single player... Died on every mission) makes you sometimes feel a bit depressed as you sit staring at the mission you want to play while the next wave of players steadily approaches. All in all Warfarme is a very balanced game although the pay-to-shoot-things-faster-mechanic can get quite annoying, no game is perfect right?
game-hours: 403.3
review: Such game. Much wow!
game-hours: 136.5
review: Awesome game! Pretty sure the most addictive I've played in a long time.
game-hours: 6.9
review: This is a really fun game to play. Like it a lot.
game-hours: 4.8
review: <3
game-hours: 1304.7
review: Grindy, but very fun!
game-hours: 674.3
review: FREEDOM!
game-hours: 624.4
review: its a free and awesome game just try it
game-hours: 15.1
review: its a pretty good game
game-hours: 258.8
review: Warframe has that inevitable MMO feature of draining all your time away. But its awesome.
game-hours: 127.2
review: This game is amazing, I love the bows.
game-hours: 697.3
review: Though not user friendly, this game is a lot of fun after you learn its system.
game-hours: 141.0
review: Warframe...It's unbelievably amazing. Graphics are great, smooth gameplay, it's very fun and addicting. I'm suprised it's not #1 on free-to-play steam games.
game-hours: 505.3
review: This game is alot of fun and quite addictive when you get into it. The game is constantly being butchered to death, balance wise, by it's developer though. There are also a ton of bugs and really strange design choices that wonder if the people in charge are mentally handicapped or have actually ever played any video games before. Great game overall though. Just be prepared for bugs bugs and more bugs. Be prepared for things being nerfed when they don't need to be and things that do need to be nerfed being left alone.
game-hours: 519.6
review: Most F2P's pressure you into becoming an Upgarded member or buying special coins or some sh!t but in this, you can achieve your full goals without paying a single cent 8/8 m8 its gr8 dont h8
game-hours: 1.4
review: Nice
game-hours: 8.2
review: I honestly can't critisize a free to play 3rd person shooter that has multi and single player modes when it comes to actual gameplay, however, I have to admit creating a new acount for the first time can sometimes be a real *****.
game-hours: 0.7
review: We kosmosie zodyn niy wiy, ie jeech nindym... ODYN
game-hours: 1126.5
review: A fun, 4 player, co-op game that is relatively easy to understand. Been a favourite amongst my friends and I for a while now, would recommend! The gameplay is wonderful, bringing together elements from third-person-shooters, RPGs and MMOs and combining them into something new. The graphical design is nothing short of beautiful, dazzling the players with a variety of levels and effects! The audio quality is great. There is nothing nicer than hearing the drums of war start to play rhythmically as you enter battle. Finally, the community is large, diverse and friendly.
game-hours: 472.3
review: Love this game, been playin since befor I used Steam and was using Raptr. Awesome gameplay, easy to use controller support, vived lush graphics, excellent voices, tons of content with new content added regularly, and fun co-op. Super fun game to play for free. Now for gripes (Though Very Few), The story is very lacking, its not really in your face you have to be looking for it but there is one, also this game gets seriously repetitive and if your not playing with friends or a team that talks as you play... You get bored and last but not least.... This game is a Epic GRIND. If you dont wanna spend money to get other warframes or speed up the process of leveling and crafting this game will eventually make you put it down because of repetitive grinding. That Being Said... This Game Is Awesome and I recommend anyone give a shot... Its free for Goodness sake! And lets not comment on the epicness of playing this on a Big 1080 TV with surround Sound, and Dualshock 4, and Steams Awesome Big Picture mode!
game-hours: 30.3
review: Awesome game. Lots of grinding but thats the fun of it all, meeting new players or having fun with a group of friends. F2P only charging for cosmetics as everything else is craftable(be patient, it can take up days to craft some items.) Overall, an 8.9/10 in my book. Solid gameplay, plenty of cool weapons and warframes to give a try. JUST DL IT AND PLAY ALREADY! :)
game-hours: 837.8
review: Outstanding level of fun and awesomeness on a F2P game (nothing such as P2W exists for this one), what else could you ask for?
game-hours: 123.9
review: Basically, you are a homicidal semi-mercenary parkour space ninja, and you murder your way across the solar system. It is also free-to-play. For these reasons it is almost certainly worth some of your time.
game-hours: 75.4
review: This is a fast paced 3rd person shooter. In the short time I have been playing this game, there have been 2 major updates. Both have improved the game play and longevity of the game. I have enjoyed both of the live events I was able to participate in. Generally this is a game where you are going to have to experiment with different Warframes ( classes) and wepon combinations to find your happy place. Once you learn the intricacies of useing and powering up the mods for your warframes and weapons you are sure to have some fun. This is a free to play game with a cash shop, but never fear you can find most everything, other than cosmetic items, through game play.
game-hours: 101.4
review: OK image what awesomeness would look like if it was a game. Now add SPACE NINJAS AND BAZOKAS AND BOWS AND MACHINE GUNS AND SNIPERS AND BATTLEAXES AND PARCORE AND SWORDS AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST... STALKERS! That, my friend, is warframe
game-hours: 22.0
review: become a badass ninja to be the best ninja in the uninverse or
game-hours: 742.1
review: Fun game
game-hours: 273.3
review: incredible for a free game, has alot of content most of which can be gained through the game itself, some things have to be bought using the premium currency but thats mostly just for looks, also its one of the only mmos ive seen with direct combat! very fun, very much recommended!
game-hours: 17.2
review: Hell Yes
game-hours: 802.2
review: Well if you like killing things and i mean KILLING things this game does that..... endless kill with tha ability to craft new and power full wepons. There are wepons for evey playthrough stile from stealth to guns loaded tanking. this game can repeat its self but even then its still a good game. good enough for me to play over 150 hours
game-hours: 2056.5
review: Very fun, Very cool, love it could easily be a finished poduct
game-hours: 72.1
review: Good game. looks great for a free to play, and is very addictive. it's worth getting.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Good game really fun
game-hours: 389.7
review: This game is some of the most fun I've had in some time! It's got everything you could ever want. Leveling, customization, robots, cool weapons, online play, parkour, and SPAAAAAAACE!!! Seriously addictive and definitely a game I do not feel guilty throwing money at. :D
game-hours: 248.6
review: This game is really cool with all the updates it has had since I first played it. I really like how they keep coming out with more fun ideas for it
game-hours: 16.6
review: The most intence coop game ever made i deffenetly recommend it
game-hours: 3040.7
review: GET ON THIS GAME AND PLAY!!!!!!! WE NEED MORE RECRUITS!!!
game-hours: 2348.6
review: Relatively new game that is being constantly updated the tweaked with. Mainly for PVE first person shooters althought game modes are constantly being added..
game-hours: 1.0
review: Pretty fun game but it can get monotonous and grindy if you play solo. Overall you should give it a try!
game-hours: 2059.3
review: Incredible, fast-paced, and addictive. If you're tired of an endless string of near-identical cover-shooters, this is for you. The acrobatics are incredible and the action unrelenting. Try it out today!
game-hours: 314.3
review: Best free to play game in awhile. Most free to pay are freemium; wear cash can make overly powered. But this not the case with warframe. There is in store cash only items ,but most weapons and warframes can be got with simply time and effort. Combine with combat composed both mele and ranged it makes for a fairly enetetaining MMO
game-hours: 238.7
review: good game a bit slow in the lower levels but stick with it . and for all the new players out there i got one word for you "SOMA".
game-hours: 1218.4
review: Freaking awsome game. 10/10 will lose my life to this game.
game-hours: 999.9
review: Really, this is one of the best games I have played in a while and its free. Shooters are not normally my thing but this has so much more to do I don't care. They make updates all the time and there is always new content.
game-hours: 0.2
review: bit grindy but enjoyable with friends
game-hours: 431.0
review: Good Fun.
game-hours: 40.9
review: This is by far one of the best free games I have ever played. The maps can get a little repetative but the missions are different which is a huge plus. You can play with friends and start a clan, and lots of options to upgrade, whether you want to pay or not. Would totally recommend this game.
game-hours: 18.1
review: i so defiently recommend this one (y)
game-hours: 994.4
review: Become a space ninja with technological, psychological, and magical powers hellbent on bringing peace to a war torn star system using swords and guns. 10/10, would parkour again.
game-hours: 2168.6
review: all around good fun
game-hours: 661.6
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 75.3
review: EXcelent game
game-hours: 1.5
review: The movement system is a bit off, but the rest of the game is pretty fun if you don't mind the grind.
game-hours: 348.5
review: SO MUCH FUN YESSSSSSSSS
game-hours: 284.3
review: This is a stellar F2P game. Very fluid looks great, gets you hooked just like a well made game should thanks Digital Extremes this is a great game. My only quarrel is the Market pricing seems a bit off, some things seem to expensive or too cheap for the effort involved in building Vs. buying.
game-hours: 278.7
review: Warframe is a great way of playing some F2P 3rd person shooter action. Warframe is still in beta, and it seems that the devs are happy to take on board advice from the fans, so hopefully a few of the details that could use polish still have a chance to be completed. With the price of entry a flat nothing, it would be a shame to miss out on quite a bit of fun to be had here.
game-hours: 190.7
review: SPACE ROBOT MAGIC NINJA WARRIORS FIGHT POTATO PEOPLE, EVIL ROBOTS AND ZOMBIE PLANTS. And it's amazing as . You should totally buy it. Except it's free. You can buy wepons for irl  but it's PvE so  off. Also game is grind-based (but i mean you kill  and it's awesome so it's not bad grind ok?) so if you buy  you want then why are you even playing.
game-hours: 9.2
review: brilliant, great design and a must for anyone. also free :)
game-hours: 120.4
review: Good co-op 3rd person shooter. Graphic is good enough for a free to play game. Game's mechanic is a bit hard to learn, but you'll get the hang of it soon enough. The action during missions is often fast paced and some of them are a real challenge. I would eecommend this game to those who like dead space mixed with some mmorpg mechanics (farming loot, craft better equip, etc.) Not recommended for those who dislike farming and crafting
game-hours: 266.6
review: Very fun and entertaining.
game-hours: 198.5
review: Love this game so addicted probably put 60 bucks into it lol
game-hours: 163.8
review: Highly addictive with great gameplay, leveling system, and item crafting!
game-hours: 1077.9
review: good game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 242.0
review: +  +    . -      !!
game-hours: 51.6
review: Warframe is essentially a grind-fest with fantastic gameplay and visuals. It borrows heavily from Diablo-style loot drops, although none of this is explained in-game. I recommend using a wiki if you fall in love with this game, as it has a suprisingly deep character customization set, though don't expect to get much visual upgrades as most of the "mods" that drop function essentially like a MMO-talent tree. Lots of fun, but bring friends if you plan on sticking around.
game-hours: 343.5
review: Free-to-play : 18/20
game-hours: 51.0
review: Amazing graphics. Interesting plot. Game of the year. 8/10
game-hours: 1223.2
review: Guud
game-hours: 179.8
review: Amazing, its free why not try it?
game-hours: 13.5
review: Love
game-hours: 20.5
review: Fast paced shooter, fun and pretty addictive. The graphics can be boosted to oustanding levels, and it's one of the best free to play games so far. I would reccommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 190.6
review: Fantastic game, hard to get into though because everything revolves around completion rate material drop rate and lots of time to build everything but other than that I highly recommend it!
game-hours: 140.8
review: Despite of all in-game bugs that sometimes trouble me, I think, this game is a very well-made Free to Play game. I don't really like Third Person Shooter. But this, this game is very challenging. It makes me want to play it again and again. It challenges your brain to really think, which step should you take while you proceed your mission. And I totally recommend this game for any people who likes TPS. For a "Free To Play" game, this is a magnificent TPS Game.
game-hours: 431.8
review: started out good, but is kinda pay to win now which is too bad
game-hours: 52.0
review: Nyann nyann nyan nyann nayn, nyann nyaaaan naynn nyann nyann nyannn ynyannn nyan. =w=
game-hours: 9.1
review: really good at pinching
game-hours: 459.8
review: I can say this is a nice game, playable for anyone. ^^ Even if just for a try, you will come to like the gameplay and the people u meet in the end.
game-hours: 516.2
review: :D!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 169.9
review: Space ninjas super fast technologic many-ways-to-kill fast action meleestyle very custom customization and cool co-op gory halarious action game.
game-hours: 16.0
review: This Game totally ROCKS :) never played anything better than this
game-hours: 65.6
review: Takes a long time and can sometimes seem repetitive, but the challenges it presents will keep you coming back. If you end up getting this game or already have it and are not in a clan. Let me know. I will invite you to join mine and give you some gear.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Do you like an intense storyline?! Too bad... Do you like epic characters?! Deal with it... Do you like Space Ninja's with freakin Assult Rifles, Pistols, and an OP Meelee weapons?! THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!
game-hours: 913.0
review: Who can shoot lasers out of their hands to overload the surroundings? Volt can. Who can summon slain enemies to fight for you? Nekros can. Who can destabilize the atoms in enemies so they explode? Nova can. Who can suck enemies into a crushing ball? Vauban can. Who can summon the kraken to wreck havoc behind enemy lines? Hydroid can. Who can tank and ram trough enemy lines? Rhino can. Who can slash an enemy in half in mid air and make a gracefull landing? You can. Over 19 unique warframes to play with, each with a distinct playstyle. Craft new weapons to suit your playstyle, from grenade launchers to flame throwers to ninja stars. Oh and they have pistols too ;) Collect over 300 mods to customize your warframes and weapons, strengthen abilities and even add elemental damage types (fire, electricity) to your weapons. Fight against bosses, do alert missions which are only available for a limited time. Or help one of the two enemy factions in operations. The opposing team will not be happy with your interference and will send someone special after you at a later time... Or maybe you encounter the feared assassin named the Stalker? Replay certain missions on nightmare mode for an extra challenge, with a rare mod as a reward. Or will you go out into the Void to explore its secrets? Void towers are filled with loot, traps, parkour courses and hidden chambers. Go into a void ship to unlock the vault, and collect the secret artifact locked within. I could go on like this for a very long time, suffice to say that I really like this game! It may be a bit grindy at times, especially with newly added systems, but if you are willing to look past that it is a really good game. The devs have a weekly livestream and really listen to feedback and suggestions from the community. (S)Alad V for president! Enjoy your greedy milk! Have some blue potatos for dinner ;) Fav taunt: Red the klem de tauri!
game-hours: 680.7
review: really fun, can get repetitive, but you will be too addicted to getting new weapons to notice, the gameplay is great. you will need to put a lot of time into this game, unless you want to pay your way through, i havent wasted a single cent and i wreck people in pvp. Runs very easily, even in not that great machines, a good 500mb video card should do the trick, but still, great graphics
game-hours: 904.3
review: I reccomend all peoplle to at least try out Warframe, it has a bit of a rough start, but once you get into it, it is an amazingly fun game. Microtransactions are not required at all, and the only thing that can't be bought without money is slots and cosmetics.
game-hours: 644.1
review: This game is an absolute must if you are looking for a quick and dirty third person shooter. From free running mechanics to a huge selection of weapons, this game features lots of customization options, great graphics, and a back-story that gets extremely strange when the fans have dealt with it. (Space potatoes, anyone?) You can sink some real world money into this game, but it is far from required in order to progress. There are server errors from time to time and occasional disconnection issues. Coming form a game in open beta though, Warframe does a great job of offering what could very well be a finished project. "Sensors show a security force coming your way. It's the Grineer..."
game-hours: 58.6
review: fun 3rd person shooter with awsome animation, more game modes, new lvls, custimize your charcter and much more!!!! we even got 4 player co-op or u could just go solo or maybe go to a private lobby with your friends and have fun!!!....cnt wait too see u guys on the Warframe Field!!!!! Sky Out.
game-hours: 812.1
review: The Facts- Game rating based on the ESRB Single-player and Multi-Player [Online] Platforms: Microsoft Windows and Playstation 4 Developer: Digital Extremes Genre: Third Person Shooter/ Hack n' Slash ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Plot- You are a survivor of a alien species known as Tenno, thought to have been extinct long before the games start. You wake up from a pod to find that there is a massive galactic war between two factions; Corpus and Grineer. You fight your war through to survive forging your own path to either fight to unite the surviving Tenno and be the war monger species that kept the universe under control with ancient technology known as Warframes or to fight only for the riches. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Character Design- The characters you play are soundless agile ninja that you get almost full customization of. You re guided by a burden navigator known as "Lotus" She is used to guide you and warn you of oncoming danger in game, however, like all Navi talk through, they are just annoying. Bosses can be exceedingly hard and there is a good amount of enemy variation between the Corpus, Grinneers, and Infested. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Sound & Artwork- The music is enemy triggered and it is seemly soundless when you're not being hunted down or in fire fights. There is barely any musical style to the game. Sounds are basic with Armor clashing against blade and bullets burrowing through flesh into bone. You can hear a good lot of the damage you inflict. Visually the game is gorgeous, even on the lowest settings the environment and characters always look shockingly great. A thing to note down is the blur effects that can happen when in huge skirmishes. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Gameplay- With all the cons of the style of the game this is where it takes my heart. The gameplay is amazing, with a ton of map variation that is not the same a good portion of time, the hack and slash feel mixed with strategic gun play and puzzles. It makes me feel like I am playing Ninja Gaiden with better controls and guns. Fast passed loot fest action and incredible special abilities make for an amazing rush. there are a few bugs right now due to it being in BETA. The customization in Warframe is wide but complex when it comes to upgrading. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Conclusion- All in all I'd have to give the game an 8.75/10 Due to all the faults it has. Even with it being in BETA. The replay value however will be 10/10 because if you like it you'll stick with it through the whole thing for awhile. I know I do. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
game-hours: 4.5
review: SWEG
game-hours: 661.1
review: PFFFFT, Like the other greatest game besides TF2.
game-hours: 783.3
review: guns, swords, ninja pajamas... Get it!
game-hours: 450.8
review: Tis' good if you enjoy repetitive gameplay such as farming...for nuerodes...seriously,  neurodes. You can also buy the stuff and become a badass space ninja and shoot,stab and parkour your way through hordes of super zombie space robot clones!
game-hours: 391.4
review: this game shows you what a free to play game is it's free to play and if you want things faster you can pay money but it will only give you stuff faster but it will not make you better staying free only means you need to spend more time to get what you want and also it's a really cool and fun game to play co-op with your friends warframe clan: GameFriendsUnited join the fight NOW!!!
game-hours: 76.7
review: Didn't look all that great of a game from the video,but I decided to give it a try and it was WELL worth it. It's like TMNT except you play as space ninja's with a LOT of COOL weapons and character upgrades and different versions to pick from depending on what type of role you want to play.
game-hours: 1486.8
review: You should try Warframe if you like: - Third Person Shooters - Run 'n' Gun - PvE - Co-op You shouldn't try Warframe if you: - Don't like grinding. - Don't want to spend some money in-game. ----- Pros: - Awesome Graphics (Support for some nVidia Physx effects) - Awesome gameplay (Awesome acrobatic stuff! Also, the melee system is going to be overhauled soon so keep an eye open for that) - Wide variaty of Warframes & Weapons (Primary, Secondary and Melee Weapons) (AND IT JUST KEEPS INCREASING!) - Great co-op experience! I've had hours of fun with friends. - Frequent Events that can last up to weeks, with unique weapons/mods as reward. - It has a promising future. Lots of great stuff to be added to the game! Cons: - IMO the game is not 100% enjoyable without spending some $//. All Weapons/Warframes are obtainable without spending real money, but you will feel limited because of the amount of Weapon/Warframe slots available from the beggining. I'd say... Tops 20 $// would be more than enough to make your Warframe experience better. But it is worth it! - The grinding... As I said, everything can be obtainable in-game but that doesn't mean it is EASY/TIME CONSUMING. Some stuff will be very frustating to get. FINAL NOTE: Should you try Warframe? YES! It is an amazing game, built mostly with the funding of fans of the game. It is free to play but it will become fully enjoyable after spending some real money in-game. But as I said before it will be worth it!
game-hours: 2653.6
review: Yes.
game-hours: 65.4
review: it is the awesome game ever but it has some complications to it. You use chips to buy responds if you die in the game you respond back, but eventually you waste those chips and you have to use real money to buy more and i love the game but please who ever made it. get rid of the buy more chips it is super annoying
game-hours: 328.1
review: There is a voice inside me. Somewhere deep down in the fossilising lobes of my brain resides an eager mouth that calls in from my past. It is a youthful me, filled with irrational exuberance. It looks at the art and sci-fi glamour-gloom of Warframe and says: THIS IS THE STUFF!
game-hours: 152.8
review: best computer game i have ever played
game-hours: 1802.9
review: best f2p I have played so far. graphics and detail u expect from AAA game. Really addictive game definately check it out.
game-hours: 810.7
review: Free and awesome. Get it.
game-hours: 935.4
review: This game is amazing, good graphics, good gameplay, never get bored.
game-hours: 16.3
review: Avaruusninjoja O_O
game-hours: 4.2
review: The fact there's a 92,99 euro DLC for this game makes me think all sorts of stuff.
game-hours: 166.0
review: Very enjoyable
game-hours: 162.4
review: The game was very good, but it lacks support
game-hours: 1468.2
review: Awesome game! I loved it! One of the best looking free to play games i have ever played.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Space ninja VS Space marine
game-hours: 32.6
review: Baleza, tem xuco bo na bizard
game-hours: 193.0
review: A great game. I wasted my whole summerbreak with it.
game-hours: 129.3
review: Free to play, pretty interesting at the beginning... But requires a lot of grinding if you don't want to pay for it. I would recommend it - you can spend a couple of evening having fun, but don't expect staying there for too long.
game-hours: 20.8
review: the game its self is a fine game, to me the combat system is good and it runs smoothly. the only thing that gets me is that you need platinum to get pretty much everything, from wepons to other characters
game-hours: 7.7
review: Try this game and stick with it for 1-2 weeks before deciding if you like the game. I really do like this game. The graphics are awesome. The gameplay fast, furious and wrapped in good artistic style (and the gore is.....jolly good). Highly recommended if you like co-op game and or action game. The only gripe is platinums are a bit overpriced though redeemingly you do not need themt to craft anything in game except to buy slots for your weapons and warframes(armored suits).
game-hours: 949.3
review: Amazing game, tons of replay value, outstanding end game content. The game kinda lacks customization but the story makes up for it 100%
game-hours: 34.0
review: One of the #1 FREE games on steam!
game-hours: 574.4
review: Well I wouldn't have 300+hrs on record if it wasn't good. Beatifull game, good community, user friendly, NO P2W, and a lot of fun when playing co-op with friends. 10/10
game-hours: 5.3
review: I dont know why i like it but i find my self very attracted to this game
game-hours: 19.9
review: it ing sucks  so i recomend it
game-hours: 1369.5
review: Highly recomend this game to anyone who likes fast paced action, generous F2P games, and a nice upgrade system. The game can get a bit grindy at times though.
game-hours: 207.9
review: they need to work on it atm i cant play will not let me get on to the game as if i put my password were it is incorret good and fun game i hope they can work on it
game-hours: 167.8
review: Best free to play game out!!!
game-hours: 584.6
review: This game is amazing i love all the weapons and the customization of your warframe and there is a lot to do in the game like going to all planes and you can builed weapons and you can get mods for your weapons and warframe there is a lot to do on it you will be up all night have fun and be the best ninja warframe you can be
game-hours: 340.9
review: IF you like grinding/farming - space ninja style, Warframe is a game for you. If not, dont bother downloading at all.
game-hours: 58.8
review: After you get out of the starter gear you really get into the game.
game-hours: 155.8
review: Co-op Space ninjas.
game-hours: 279.0
review: Space ninja+farming sim+guns+Rhino 11/10
game-hours: 109.1
review: This a great game and fun to play with friends. The powers, acrobatic, and gunplay and swordplay are amazing. But this game is money hungry, to get weapons and different classes you'll have to to wait and pay alot of in-game currency and it tempts you to buy another in-game currency that you have to buy with real life money which allows to buy weapon and classes and not have to wait hours to make. If you can look past not having all the great weapons(not the best) at the begining or for a little while this game is for you.
game-hours: 507.6
review: The best online shooter i've ever played!
game-hours: 1647.3
review: I've been playing this game since way back in March '13 and Warframe has come along way. It is still as grindy as ever, but it is also still great fun to try out new weapons/frames and mess about with friends and randoms alike! This game is improving all the time and I can't wait to see where it will go in the future. You should at the very least give it a try, as it is free!
game-hours: 362.5
review: this game is really fun and very addictive. everything on the game is achievable! all have fun
game-hours: 385.6
review: Space Ninjas!
game-hours: 44.1
review: Awesome game 10/10
game-hours: 1395.8
review: ballern.... farmen...
game-hours: 550.5
review: This is a great free game I've spent so much time playing this game that my real life problems just seemed to disapear. Such as money, women, and activeness. This game is an amazing looking game that when I feel like going outside I just go on the earth map and stare at the sun but for not to long because I dont want to go blind. The relistic feeling about being outside is really amazing that it hurts less that I haven't left my house in 3 years. But overall this game is amazing it would be awasome if I had people to play it with but everybody just isn't as cool as me.
game-hours: 201.0
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 479.2
review: It's ninjas IN SPACE, and cool abilities.
game-hours: 18.1
review: su gud
game-hours: 637.4
review: its cool
game-hours: 1039.3
review: thumbs up
game-hours: 16.4
review: SUPER ING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 49.6
review: Takes forever to get new equipment, but its an overall fun game. The developers are churning out a decent amount of new content on a regular basis, which is nice considering more f2p games dont get as much attention. Once you get the blueprints needed for new gear, finding materials to craft it can be a bit of a bother. Once you find the materials, you have to wait hours and sometimes days to craft the item you want. Real time. That really kills the momentum of the game when youre forced to wait so long to continue playing with the items you want. Of course, if you can afford the incredibly expensive platinum currency, waiting wont be an issue. They have to make money somehow, right? The only other negative I can think of is the melee combat. For a game based around it being known as "Mass Effect Online with Swords", it doesnt have much going for the melee. Attacks can sometimes be difficult to land in rapid succession, and the damage done doesnt warrant using anything besides jumping and charged attacks. Everything besides that is great. Graphics, sound, controls, everything is appealing and easy to pick up. Definitely one of the best free-to-play games I've ever enjoyed.
game-hours: 18.0
review: Warframe         ,       =)
game-hours: 15.7
review: Warframe is an action packed alien-ninja game that is combines a strange passion for weapons!
game-hours: 138.1
review: i like warframe because its fun and awesome
game-hours: 923.4
review: Extremely fun, particularly with friends. New tilesets are being added almost every update, and where once there were a handful of re-used levels, they're moving rapidly towards one or several unique looks for every planetary sector. Player customization, while unfortunately heavily cash-gated, is constantly growing. Weapon variety is everything you could want, and again, is still growing. Enemies and bosses are varied, and even with that variety, the devs have confirmed a FOURTH hostile faction to be added at a later date. In short: this game has quite a few strong points that grow stronger with every update. One caveat: be prepared to exercise either patience or your credit card. New stuff is either crafted very slowly or bought for an assload of dosh. I can forgive the bugs because it's still open beta, and they do correct them fairly quickly. However, the frankly absurd exchange rate of "Platinum" versus actual goods bought hurts it in my opinion, as that gating has turned almost a dozen of my friends off from joining. 8/10
game-hours: 3.5
review: This game is ridiculous
game-hours: 199.7
review: What can I say about Warframe that hasn't already been said? Space ninjas. Grinding. Awesome combat thanks to Melee 2.0. (Look it up, or better yet, play it!) I would recommend joining a clan though, the best gear is clan research. The grinding can be reduced by buying boosters or actually buying the items from the store. However, that's horrifically expensive and makes me think that the devs WANT you to grind and PLAY THE GAME. The shop's there for the few impatient people who NEED everything and need it NOW. tl;dr, play it, it's free.
game-hours: 979.1
review: game owns
game-hours: 203.8
review: The best game of all time and guess what ITS FREE
game-hours: 1705.2
review: This is a great FTP game with ways to earn all the weapons and suits that you want. The paid transactions allow you to gain access to items faster, cosmetic items, and credit and affinity (XP) boosters, but in a game that is mostly about cooperation, it does not affect the overall balance. The developer is good about getting out bug fixes on a regular basis, as well as the major updates. The overall community is great and are very helpful. There are a great variety of maps throughout the whole game as well as weapons and character types. There is some PVP elements, but they are still a work in progress. The only issues that have cropped up are the random (and sometimes amusing) bugs and some of the newer areas they add do not have a lot of areas to randomize and they will repeat more often than not. Overall, this is a great game for coop play and well worth any time and, if you so choose, money.
game-hours: 115.2
review: This is one of the best free to games that I have ever played. Basically it's about space ninjas and every ninja has its own powers and stats. You can also build your own weapons, which is really fun to do because you have to travel to all differant places to get the resources required to make the item you want. The game gives you a lot of things to do but it is a little rough to get into. Totally deserves a better rating.
game-hours: 432.1
review: is rly gud
game-hours: 2.3
review: omg!!!!! it good game WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1745.5
review: This game is freakin sweet.... if you have the desire to level things; this is the game for you. it almost feels endless.
game-hours: 113.5
review: It's an awsum RPG game, i love the gameplay and it's a very extensive game. Amazing graphics and playthroughs. I've already logged in almost 50 hours in a weeks lol
game-hours: 58.0
review: good game, good time
game-hours: 253.4
review: I want to get off Steve's Wild Ride.
game-hours: 8.7
review: The game is a pretty cool the first few hours but over time the missions and gameplay becomes old.
game-hours: 383.2
review: 5/5, It has space ninjas.
game-hours: 156.8
review: bing bong yoo...
game-hours: 719.0
review: Love this game there forever updating and creating new challanges, you can paint your WARFRAME to what ever colour's you wish to your taste, join a clan and help set up your dolo and weapons etc awesome, lots of fun when in a group, and evan if your not, it isnt hard to make friends and have fun.
game-hours: 8.0
review: A Third Person, Co Op Focused Action Game At Its Core  (Warframe)
game-hours: 41.0
review: awwwwesome
game-hours: 899.5
review: One of the best FTP games I've ever played!
game-hours: 1276.8
review: Pretty damn good. It's great with friends, but it can be just about as good alone/with randoms. It has it's issues, namely network issues, but overall it'd certainly recommend it.
game-hours: 153.3
review: 10/10 Best Mass Effect game. Would play again
game-hours: 31.3
review: This game rocks!
game-hours: 120.1
review: asd
game-hours: 45.8
review: Really cool game and great concept. graphics are a plus. Only downfall is it gets pretty repetative quick
game-hours: 215.4
review: best ftp game of all time
game-hours: 10.0
review: Quite awesome.
game-hours: 4.0
review: global agenda, new wersion
game-hours: 820.2
review: I like it! pretty cool !!! Worth a try if you have not given it one!
game-hours: 447.6
review: With good visuals and good combat mechanics, this game shifts the player interest rather quickly from the grinding for leveling up and grinding loot, to spend more time creating new weapons and armors in the furnace or customizing the dojo, a spaceship every clan can create and personalize in order to exchange mod cards, train together and develop new weapons and tactical gear. The RPG-like character and gear customization side of the game is what keeps the player to look into the mechanics for some time, looking for the best mods to upgrade the armor and weapons efficiency with loadouts for specific enemies or jack-of-all-trades combinations of effects. With every update the variety of environments seems to increase, partially making it up for the lack of variety in the mission types available and the lack of cinematic events happening during the missions. One of the most important things this game still really lacks is a more involving storyline, and even though some special events added new characters and new story details from time to time it's still not enough. It also does have a PVP component that adds variety, but it still needs to be balanced better since higher level players can easily own lower level ones in a matter of seconds making it less about fighting skills and more about crafting and choosing accurately the best gear available. Even if it still sounds good in theory it can also end up in unfair fights unless the two sides decide the gear to use beforehand. Warframe is a very nice free to play game to try and play casually, the grinding for specific loot can give some hours of mindless fun with big explosions, fast nicely coreographed action and a good feel for the weapons and powers, it's not that heavy in terms of HDD space since the levels are assembled randomly by the game engine every time, and in time eventually the developers will be able to add that extra depth and balance for story and gameplay so that it will become a game players will be able to invest more time into, without getting bored by its repetitiveness.
game-hours: 91.8
review: Warframe is perfect if you are the type of person that enjoys team cooperation. You may not like it if you don't like having to work for your equipment and things like that. For a Free 2 Play game Warframe is amazing. Therefore I would give it a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 1808.5
review: Space Ninjas. What more needs to be said?
game-hours: 2.7
review: Free? FREE? What is this communist garbage. I didn't fight the Vietcong in Tunisia back in 86, only to see all this "Free" junk poppin up. Last thing I got for free was some shrapnel in my  after charlie tossed a grenade in my hooch. I didn't abandon my kids only for this game to remind me of the amount of money I've invested in their futures. I have half a mind to send a letter to the president, detailing such egregious transgressions. Let Ol' President Obama know about this little terrorism you've got going on. I'm no scientist, but you should expect drone strikes. Signed, A Concerned Patriot.
game-hours: 4259.9
review: Za Best
game-hours: 29.5
review: Great for people who love Sci-Fi MMOs, and great for people who enjoy third-person shooters.
game-hours: 1244.9
review: Highly recommend it, definitely the best free to play game I've played so far. It's hard to imagine them not charging people for this game. The co-op play is a bit lackluster compared to the single player experience though because the quality of gameplay depends on which user is hosting. So if the user has a very slow upload speed, you could be thrown out of the game or fail the mission because of that. Game levels go by very quickly in co-op, but for a very scary and intense immersive experience, I highly recommend just changing the game mode to single player.
game-hours: 497.1
review: Do you like ninjas? Do you like killing hundreds of dudes with guns, swords, rocket launchers, laser beams, electro-grenades, shurikens and super powers? Do you need a cohesive narrative to tie together one murdering spree to another? If you answered Yes, yes and no, then WARFRAME is the game for you! This game is a fast paced slaughter fest, which pits you and 3 optional teammates against hundreds of soldiers all out for solar conquest. You run around randomly generated "tile sets" completing various objectives, gathering resources and mods for crafting and upgrading your equipment respectively, all while performing some amazing acrobatic moves. There's a vast array of weaponry available to you, from the simple yet efficient gun, to laser miniguns, to stealth grenades and jet-powered maces. Due to the game being free to play, all these weapons are available to purchase with real money. However every weapon and character in the game can be built using the aforementioned resources. There are over a dozen characters to collect, each of them filling out a unique role for the team. Every role from your damage-sponging tank to your healer is available, including some more interesting roles such as the berserker or necromancer. The missions are all available on a star chart, which will put you in a randomly generated map with certain pre-determined conditions, such as enemy faction, tile-set, available resources and mission type. There is no kind of "story mode" where you gradually progress through a narrative. You spend a lot of time doing these missions trying to level up your gear, and ultimately yourself, which makes more weapons available to you. Overall, an amazing shooter game to play on your own or with friends. It can get a bit repetitive at times, as tiles will eventually get repeated, but it is a great way to kill the time (and also hundreds of guys)
game-hours: 3.4
review: its fun but i would recomend having a fast computer procesor
game-hours: 372.0
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 419.1
review: Warframe is a F2P game based on a story of a forgotten civilization who awaken,to stop the forces of the enemy that grew. This game is all about playing for fun,unlocking new content, having a clan , socialize with people and more fun. This game is a team-based game , with a Co-Op feature , a Private feature and a Solo feature.You begin as a poor tenno,then you will become a master of the old ways. You will find yourself with other people hunting for rare items or even going to kill the Bosses that terrorized their army.This game if fun, I recommend it! If you want a help you can contact me in game /w UFColonel and me and my clan will assist you! :D
game-hours: 367.2
review: This game is seriously the best Free to Play game i have seen come out in awhile. Its really fun being able to play with your friends or just others online. However I noticed that plaing solo can be challenging for new players, and the whole upgrading your warframe, weapons etc. isnt very clear. it took me about a week to finally figure out how upgrades really work and how you use them. The graphics on this game are amazing even at the lowest setting. the levels never really get boring, and its chalk full of different ways to play. Me personally i like to sneak around and kill unsuspecting enemies. Overall the game is a well put together game. (note: this is a 3rd person, so keep that in mind based on your preference) If they had put this game up for sale, i would buy it. thats how great this game is. even if your not a 3rd person kind of player, i suggest downloading it and just play 1 or 2 rounds, you'll understand why there is so much hype for this new game. Now the other con to this game is that many of your weapon arsenal will have to be paid with real world money, which is sometimes for those budget gamers, "a pain in the " but they give you an option to buy a blueprint, find all the things needed to build it, and then actually build it, this doesnt cost real worl money, but it costs game money, which is fairly easy to obtain. once you really get into the game you really wont notice that your gun is bad, in fact they can stand a really good chance against most enemys, so having a new gun isnt a "must have". you can make your warframe look amazing, you choose skins and all different kinds of things. you start with 50 p and later you would have to go buy more with actual money if you want to customize more. hope this helps you guys out.
game-hours: 642.4
review: Really awesome game full of ninjas.
game-hours: 221.4
review: this game is soooooooooooo good but the one thing u need to do is put atleast 50 bucks into it for it to be funnny lasting
game-hours: 506.5
review: Probably the best online game released to date and ever expanding. Constant new content being added weekly and plenty of fun to go around. It definetly will not disappoint you.
game-hours: 8.7
review: Wattle,Wattle,Wattle
game-hours: 93.2
review: Great game, it has alot of customization (however it is not in cosmetical changes) and plenty of gameplay. You don't have to pay-to-play as most people think, it just takes awhile.
game-hours: 116.4
review: Bueno y Gratis :D
game-hours: 10.1
review: So what can I say? It's free to play. Loads of fun whether it's with random players, friends or just solo. Graphics are pretty good and the missions are extremely fun! I would recommend you getting this game, why not? IT'S F2P!!!!!
game-hours: 159.4
review: Nice Game! :)
game-hours: 279.2
review: Beware Tenno your ability to be a true space ninja might be greatly hampered! Warframe is a Free to play third person shooter with light RPG elements (that's a whole lot of things) but what it boils down to is this. You are a Tenno, a secret race of space ninjas awakened by the lotus to bring back peace in the galaxy. You do this by operating warframes. Warframes are combat suits and have different combat capabilities, at the start you must choose from three different frames. The missions themself are fairly straight forward, things like exterminate, rescue and defense are your standard fair in these kind of games. The weapons are fun to use and more unlock as you gain higher ranks. This game is an absolute blast with 2 or more friends (4 people per mission) and really soaks up hours without you noticing it. Not everything is right in the land of space ninjas however, questionable DLC and design choices might have you wonder if investing your time is really worth it. Let me begin by saying that pretty much everything you can acquire ingame can also be bought with real life money converted into platinum. This might seem alright on paper, but the prices for these weapons, warframes and other items are questionable. Then again you could also forego this and just grind yourself to a better place in the space ninja ranks. Another thing that hampers the experience is the slew of bugs still present, while the development team has been pretty consistent with bugfixes there are still issues with things and the dev team has a tendency of bringing back old bugs on accident, while they had been fixed a couple of patches ago. Your experiences may vary with others but be prepared. Last but not least is the music, if you like a game with a good soundtrack, this one is not for you. There's only a small amount of tracks and they are all rather dull to listen to. You're better off building your own soundtrack for this game. If all these lowpoints haven't scared you off, I'd suggest you try it out. The game is free to play after all.
game-hours: 28.7
review: A pretty fun, free to play third person shooter taking place in corridors of space stations and planetside colonies. Each suit (Warframe) has different abilities to mix and match, and there's a wide variety of guns and melee weapons to collect and level up. The movement is fun and the wall-running, rolling, dodging, sprinting all feel fun to pull off and look pretty cool to boot. There are fairly regular major updates, and the level layouts - although using a lot of the same assets - are somewhat randomly generated, as to keep the gameplay from getting too stale. However, to obtain the higher level gear takes ages collecting materials and crafting, or for you to pony up some cash to just buy them. It's grindy as all hell if you're going for the end game experience and don't want to shell out for high level gear, but it's still a fun time killer that you don't have to pay for if you don't want to.
game-hours: 345.1
review: Great game, especially for a F2P. You don't need spend money to enjoy or advance in this game, everything's pretty much available through plans to assemble items and mats are quite easily farmed in game. Varied missions and goals, mobs, and boss fights. The addictive part is leveling your character and its weapons.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Killing, destroying, killing again, bombing, smashing, again killing. AWSESOME!
game-hours: 3104.0
review: If my play time wasn't enough of an indicator, this game is so much fun that it stole my life. Visceral combat, agile movement, and great aesthetic keep me from doing pretty much anything else. Play this game. Hit me up when you do, I'm always down to help.
game-hours: 4.5
review: A wonderful Free to play game that doesn't shove microtransactions down your throat. What more can be asked?
game-hours: 206.2
review: space ninja's? Tenaughtaten
game-hours: 7.3
review: Warframe is a very good F2P TPS and has a wonderful community of gamers that are easy to get a long with. The game play is smooth and nice graphics but the only problem is there are a lot of maps that seem like you have seen before, Meaning it seems like there are maps that they used before but just put a few new things in it. Also you can drop a lot of money in the game if you get into it because of different customization for warframs and sentinels. You can also buy weapons with your plat but for the player that just wants have a fun game with not droping a dime there is goos news for you. almost everything you see in the store you can build in game with no real money charges it just takes longer to obtain that item. So i give WarFrame 8.5/10 and recommend you give it a try!
game-hours: 275.7
review: Crazy game.. gotta give thumbsup to the developers.
game-hours: 578.2
review: iz gurd gaem
game-hours: 199.3
review: Ballin on le budget
game-hours: 1577.9
review: Its good.
game-hours: 553.1
review: Great game! Ninjas in space !
game-hours: 642.9
review: Nice game Farm farm farm farm
game-hours: 219.3
review: I didn't think I'd like a 3rd person sooter at firest, but I'm thourougly hooked
game-hours: 505.0
review: This game is one of the best Fps co-opperation games i have played.From dense action to ninja like silence is the game filled with some bosses have a very unique design and a good back story and few information about their mechanism can turn the table. Weapons have their own unique mechanism stats and complex design that every weapons i worth a try and mastering the style of use is a key the battle ground.Neither good or evil the Tenno stands never alone against his foes the Warframe is the strongest weapon and deep story can hide behind the shell what is known is that they are hunting for us fellows Tennos so be on the look out.To not get hunted down by the Stalker.
game-hours: 0.4
review: This game is bad  and it's free. Give me a reason you don't want to play it.
game-hours: 960.6
review: Warframe has cought me by strom i am not normaly in to games like this but this one has me locked down i hope to see great things to come i give this game currently a 8.5/10
game-hours: 52.2
review: I WILL NOT FORGET THIS MOMMENT WHEN IM PLAYIN THIS IN GAME 69/10 WOULD PLAY ANYTIME AFTER DOTO!
game-hours: 657.1
review: great game, i like it a lot and it keeps on updating and constant evolving...keep up the good work ..to the developers. that aside this game is a good team play and solo too. while at start the control seems to way too hard now it seeems decent but way too convinent yet. and u can earn or get ur way though the game without buying and if buying it makes a great progress too but can be outrunned ..so not an pay to win game best part . the game is still in beta so the bugs keeps bothering u tho it is ok for the part of game and all is good ..so can excuse that.. u can play the way class u like mele or ranged or mixed combo ... ITs one of the great free to play games u can go and at beggning doin solo might trouble u ...try pubilc host that would help to get ur way out of it . overall a great game u will enjoy ..
game-hours: 213.1
review: Good TPS. Good variety of weapons although some become pretty useless later on in the game. Fairly free to play but getting reactors might take awhile since they only come through alerts which you either get or miss out on. Warframe alerts is good for that but it's still a you're there or you're not.
game-hours: 1197.0
review: This game is absolutely beautiful, and criminally overlooked. the developers, though very new to the MMO scene, have been constantly and tirelessly listenning to community input and giving out tons of awesome things to the players that have been around forever, not tomention has somehow predicted almost everything i wanted out of a shooter gae back when i was in like 8th grade or something and to top it all off it's 100% free to play, meanng there is no excuse to at leas try it yes it's buggy, but it's still in it's beta test stage. Digital Extremes has put their all into making an extremely diverse, unimaginably expansive and all-encompassing gameplay that brings several core gameplay types together in a way that synergizes like no other game i've seen, and they manage to do it with a sense of dirty humour that lightens the mood before those pesky server updates that make people restart their games i whole-heartedly recommend WARFRAME to anyone interested in a fun, albeit grindy, experience did i mention it's on PC, PS3/4, and XBOne? 9.999999999999999999/10 because the menu hub is really laggy for no reason on any computer i've used to play the game, but it doesn't interfere with the gameplay in any way
game-hours: 6.5
review: Like Destiny but good.
game-hours: 164.3
review: one of the best game that i have played so far , it fun and never gets boring whit new stuf and missions to to .i only hate that it lags at the start of some missions but it can be tolerated.i give it a 9/10 .and recomend it to every one
game-hours: 1769.4
review: Over 700 hours played uuuh.... guess I like it Best way I can describe this game is "Borderlands 2" mixed with "Hellgate london" In space, with Eve-Online Progression. 4 person Co-op "over the shoulder" shooter, with Ninja jumps, wall running, sliding flip kick hammer attacks, bows, Shotguns, assault rifles.... and each frame has 4 Abilitys, Invisibility/Aoe heal/Aoe disarm/Aoe stun/Charge/Knockdown/Aoe Death!/Melee attack boost/dots/teleports/deployable shields The game exists in the Perma "Open Beta" like dungeon defenders did for 2 years and like every game released now does, so they have the excuse "hey its only beta" for comicall game inballance and garbage skills Its totally Free to play, and you "can" acsess ALL CONTENT.... totally free But it will take you a few months, there are currently 13 warframes to unlock and 31 weapons, you can unlock them by farming the bluprints, Farming materials and spending 3-4 days crafting or spending 10 pounds for each frame and 3-9 pounds for weapons. You start with a choice of 3 frames, A standard frame Excalibur with a Very powerful aoe melee slide attack and decent aoe, Then a Stealth frame Loki that is really good mid and endgame, but will struggle early on And a high shield caster frame, with more utility that damage Mag. There are over 100 Missions to complete and unlock but mostly they are the same type repeated in a different ship, and a couple of them blur into take this here Raid - Rush in steal somthing Spy - steal data from 4 computers around the zone Deception - plant a bomb in the ships engines?? Extermination - Kill x bad guys Defense - Defense a pod/core against waves and waves of baddies can carry on forever if you choose after 5 waves Mobile defense - run about defending multiple points and finally 1 point while a virus is uploaded or a computer is.... Assassination - Murder one of the 10 or so big boss mobs in the game and Void key missions which follow one of the above formulas in a really pretty zone, wth a little puzzle solving. since the last few updates there are about 6 new mission types and more planets There are 3 races each with multiple mob types .... Currently I think the game Is hard to get in to, you need to get new warframes to experiance alot of the fun, your really need to spend at least a little money on a warframe to get you started, alot of the "Fun" weapons require mastery, which needs a few days to get up. Your starting weapons are crap and you need to upgrade them fast or you quickly get bored There is also a log of missing in game information. you get a screen of 30 weapons Wham in the face, and all they say is, Accuracy 10, Fire rate 3, damage 40. What they don't say is Weapon A has armor ignoor and Rapes lines of mobs, Weapon B has 10 shots in its clip and pisses them out meaning you can only use it as a backup, Weapon C has a hidden charge attack stat that does 4x more damage! Wikia helps alot Big online commuity turning into guilds... and.... MMO.... but not needed Fun game, worth trying and its Free, it really is... unless you want a bright pink sword that will cost you 3.99 to unlock bright colour pallet I reccoment steams warframe starter pack, then watch
game-hours: 62.8
review: Slicing and dicing your way through hordes of enemies never felt more satisfying. I highly recommend this for people who love hack and slash games or people who love strategy and planning, this game's got plenty of both. I think one of the only cons are that if you have an average (Not for gaming, or average Laptop) computer, you might want to go to through the graphics settings and turn off all of the motion blur, flashy lights, and lens flares.
game-hours: 80.0
review: This game is tons of fun. The devs obiously listen to their players, and the re-playablity is good, and it has to be considering it's kind of a neccesity for the game. I mean we ask for trading, they give us the Trading Stand. You can't trade weapons or warframes, so not exactly what we wanted, but, hey, they're trying. In fact, i actually had a friend who didn't like the game because there was no PVP, and that was the case for most people. They asked for it, and they received. The fact that the game devs actually try to please their players is what makes me recommend this game to anyone who is on the fence about playing. The only reason i can see people not liking this game or not playing it is because of the gore in it, and i would hardly call it gore. I mean, there is definatly worse out there. Also, the gore is brought upon by the player, not by the game. If you don't want gore, then don't use a katana. So, for any parents reading this, i wouldn't be too worried about this game. For more information on what happens in the game itself, look
game-hours: 41.5
review: What SimCity should have been
game-hours: 85.5
review: Such a wonderful game. It's a little slow and repetative until you get your second frame.
game-hours: 585.6
review: Great game, with a lot of fun to be had. You'll have much more fun if you choose to play as part of a group, however. This is not a solo game by any means (even if you reach the point where you can overpower all content outside of the void), and leveling is much faster as part of a team. The game needs more difficult content, though. A well coordinated squad with strong weapons and frames trivializes ALL content currently in the game.
game-hours: 2082.0
review: It's okay I guess
game-hours: 1224.3
review: This is a just wonderful game, I've seen no other like it. All the maps are procedurally generated, the rooms are the same, but arranged completely different every time, and the map could be long one play through, and short the next, on top of all that, every planet in the system has its own environment type, so you'll come across many interesting landscapes, and every playthourgh of a mission, there's a chance of there being a different penalty, for example, if there is ice in the level, it will reduce your maximum shields, and sometimes there'll be fire, making the terrain hazardous.. Every piece of equipment, including your warframe, has its own level, and your account does too. There are several different warframes/classes for you to find and build, and one of them is bound to suit your playstyle, not to mention a large arsenal of weapons to choose from, but you must earn the credits to unlock these. Eventually, if you get enough credits, you can buy a Sentinel, a small floating robot that'll hover over your shoulder, and support you any way you have it configured. Also, every piece of equipment has specific mods that will work for it, such as damage types, fire, ice, shock, armor piercing, rate of fire, reload time, and many more,, you can also level every mod up to a certain limit to increase its potential. There is an extensive crafting system, you find certain materisl in each system, and you use these to complete blueprints you've found or bought with credits, in order to create new gear, or even warframes. If you get really good, you can run along walls, and keep jumping to other surfaces, to speed your self up far more than a regular run would. It takes some decent aim to to a good job, and good reflexes, so come on and give this game a try, it is very fun indeed.
game-hours: 8.2
review: Awesome graphics and intense gameplay!
game-hours: 12.1
review: Good game, quite boring in solo but really funny in multiplayers !
game-hours: 100.6
review: I have played it for 3 days now. Recreating my review. This game has a bittersweet taste of fun and pay. At first it feels like you have to pay for everything, but after some time playing it, I've found out that you can get probably every item you could buy with real money, or the ingame currency "Platinum" which is bough with real money, also with just some time. And that is the real reason to play this game. It's not really about killing every boss or playing every mission or getting every achievement. It's about spending time ingame. And for me, playing this game, is getting new warframes and crafting new weapons. And after getting them, leveling them is the next part. But as lovely as it is to play this game, it's also a bit annoying that you can only have 4 warframes at a time without spending a single coin. And spending money in this game makes me kinda angry. There is an online rating for the ingame currency "Platinum", which says that 75 Platinum is around 5$. Most Warframes cost around 225 Platinum and some of the cooler ones cost 375. Most of the Warframes are gainable through resource gathering and buying the Blueprints for them with Credits (The other, ingame gainable, currency in Warframe). One problem there is, you only have 4 Warframes slots if you don't want to pay for this game. That means, you can have 4 Warframes at a time, while players who pay can have a pile of them. The game is called Warframe, why would you do this with the items the game is called after? I'd prefer a way to gain these slots ingame. All in all is this game a nice longtime game with a lot of cooperation between players. The community is nice aswell. Hell you can even ask them if they taxi you to a mission you don't have access yet. I will keep playing this game and might aswell put some money into it to get more Warframe slots.
game-hours: 425.1
review: Many gamers have "THAT" game. The game that you will spend hours on, farming for one item. The game that you would willingly spend more time than sleeping on. For me, that game is Warframe. I origianally started Warframe as a skeptic. The name is somewhat vague, and the gameplay looked fairly ordinary. However, the pathetically high number of hours I have logged are evidence of why I'm glad I stuck with it. Warframe calls itself a Beta so they can get away with major changes to the game that a full game wouldn't. That being said, I haven't seen an update I disagreed with. Not even the almost complete rewrite of the damage system. It was a wierd adjustment but I feel it works better now. If you want a game that is a full polished product then you should skip over Warframe The name itself is a little strange, that is until, you get into the game when it is explained. A "Warframe" is the armor that you, a Tenno wear into battle. Each Warframe is equipped with unique and powerful abilities. These abilities include; a time shattering stomp, invisibility, setting the world on fire and sooo much more. On top of these insane powers, you bring weapons into battle as well. A primary weapon, which can be a rifle, shotgun, sniper, laser cannon, or even a bow and arrow! Your secondary can be a pistol, dual or single wield, a hand crossbow, throwing knives, and there's even an exploding gel gun for chrissakes! The melee weapons get just as fun. There are of course swords and daggers, but you can also wield an energy whip, dual hand axes or a freakin hammer! There is very little PvP in Warframe, it's really just for settling Big  Contests and for friends to test their new gear. The game is entirely based around PvE. Whether you're slaughtering an endless horde or trying to take out one specific VIP, there's always something to shoot, smash and generally  up. If you've read this far...thank you. But despite my praise there are a couple cons to this game as well. The game can be hard to start for one thing. The beginner weapons are beyond noobish, and if you pick the experienced Warframe as your starter and don't like him.....leveling up will be a complete pain in the . Adjusting to third person can also be a problem for some players.....it was for me. Another problem I do have though, is with the grinding. There is a lot. Sometimes you need one material to make the last piece for your new Warframe and you just can't get it. This can get demoralizing, but just take a break. Play something else for a day or two and come back fresh. Also, tramwork is sometimes in short supply. Many players are just grinding for materials or trying to finish off a planet. Because of this you rarely find anyone who will run with you. This is less of a problem it could be thanks to independant looting. If a rare mod is dropped, it's there for everyone, and most players will run back to revive you, should you down. If you want to talk though....you had better have some friends. All in all Warframe is a great game that never really gets old. The Devs keep in regular contact with the gaming community to fin the problems and fix them. As well as cranking out new updates with weapons, and events on a regular basis..I honestly think DE could charge people to play Warframe. You won't regret downloading this gem.
game-hours: 1236.0
review: Fun little action-shooty-time waster with gorgeous graphics and awesome animation. Entirely Free to Play, though with the quality of what the game offers I never felt ripped off buying slots for the killer badass weapons I was able to acquire. Quite entertaining and worth the price of admission.
game-hours: 42.6
review: Honestly this is a really awesome game you could have a lots of fun with i defently recommend it and this is not just some shity old crap you gotta pay for getting good items no no they actully made Crafting and blueprints for this Amazing! 8.6/10
game-hours: 767.3
review: Warframe is really freaking fun. Imagine a good 4-player co-op game like Left 4 Dead. Now make it 3rd person, and add in a whole load more weapons, from magnums to assault rifles to boomerangs with spikes. And give those weapons a levelling option so you can add in extra traits like elemental damage, increased ammor or fire rate, or scenery penetration. Then to finish off instead of redneck hicks or token female college students, make the player a magical cyberninja. In space. Gameplay is fast and slick, and your Warframe is very responsive. The core game is a huge amount of hacky-slashy fun, especially with friends. You can play solo and that's enjoyable enough now and then, but the game adds in more and tougher enemies the more players there are, much like Diablo 2 did. You can choose one of three Warframes at the beginning, but there are another ten to collect, which is mostly a matter of completing assassination missions that reward you with the requisite parts. You can spend real world money if you like, but it's genuinely fun to run the same mission a couple of times because the action is pretty intense, and the levels are randomly generated, so surprises do happen. Play Warframe, it's very enjoyable, and it's free. What more could you want?
game-hours: 127.9
review: 10/10 but why is my thing loading so long for meta update?
game-hours: 534.5
review: WHY NINJA NEEED ELE 999/1000
game-hours: 75.9
review: At many times will it be an absoulute grind-fest, but the community is far from toxic(I.E. Very helpful and positive) and the gameplay is very fun. Weapons range from Bows to Kunai to a Giant Greatsword.** 8/10**
game-hours: 210.5
review: best pay to win ever made, it gets really envolving afther you learn about the lore and it actually gets preety adicting. one bad thing about it it's that the multiplayer has WAY too much problems.... ing strict NAT but, if you solve that problem, you're really good to go
game-hours: 25.9
review: This is a great game and its free. The only negative thing is that it can get a little bit repetitive and a bit glitchy. The thing i love about this game aswell is that you don't need a good connection to play it in co-op which is great for me. I would recommend playing co-op after the first few mssions as it gets pretty hard after that.
game-hours: 200.6
review: ONE OF THE MOST FUN AND ADDICTIVE GAMES EVER
game-hours: 2511.8
review: I'm not trying to hide anything. This game is all about grinding. If you hate it, you should probably move on. I'd like to see which kind of f2p games that requires NO grinding whatsoever, even the paid games is having a lot of grinding elements these days. If you're new to this, you'll suffer at the early stage of the game because you're lacking of mods/blueprints/credits/resources/level. But all of it will go away once you spent enough time grinding. If you've already played this game before and felt like this game is all about pay-to-win and you're not going to reach their level, you're wrong. You can actually trade rare mods/parts/prime warframe parts/prime weapon parts for platinum (in game currency). [ How to Trade? ] You'll need a clan with a Trading Post in the clan's dojo. Yes, you'll need to build stuff (more grinding+time) in the dojo, you can however pick the easy way by joining a fully built up clan OR build everything by yourself/with friends etc. Kindly use platinums for your slot since you can't get extra slot without using plats, only use plats to buy the Orokin Reactor/Catalyst If you can't wait for the Reactor/Catalyst blueprint alert. Trust me, you'll save a lot more if you wait for the alert. And if I may, please refrain from dropping your Orokin Catalyst on trash weapons, if you're doing it just for the #fun #3op5u #yolo #swag, it's your funeral. I believe I've gave out the important stuff, and I hope it helps. Have fun being a space ninja. The good stuff is over and now i'm going to put on some heat. This game had problems with strictNAT/upnp/udp porting for some people (meaning you can't invite or join a session). And once it happens you'd better pray your fixing works or else you'll have trouble playing with other users. It's all over the official forum and the developers is obviously not going to fix it. It has been issued since March 2013 up till now, I'm one of those people who experienced it. TL;DR: Ninja in Space, and the best part: Free-to-Play! (If you sacrifice enough time)
game-hours: 1371.8
review: Space? Ninja? you can get all item in game? play now for FREEEEEEEE
game-hours: 453.9
review: Awesome game. I definitely recommend downloading it.
game-hours: 5976.5
review: I decided to give the Warframe free-to-play a shot way back in September of 2013. Its Mighty Morphin Tenno Rangers promo vids on Steam were horribly uninteresting so I was resistant to give it a try when it first came out (watch the newer vids on the Youtubes instead). The cheesy "Ninjas Play Free" motto on the promos also threw me off. However, the fast-paced, third-person shooter & melee, high-tech space ninja, gameplay and creative design are both solid and entertaining. I am thoroughly hooked and addicted now. I've played quite a few free-to-play titles, and so far, Digital Extremes is my favorite f2p design team, with constant updates (weekly, plus hotfixes) and the right mix of Canadian humor & sarcasm thrown in to their interactions. Their customer support is also top notch (although limited to weekday business hours rather than 24/7). People complain about grind, but I am used to Korean and Japanese MMO grind, so the grind is near non-existant here for me, comparatively. You'll usually get the drops you are looking for after a few runs, especially as DE continually tweaks and finetunes the drop tables. The procedurally generated levels & spawns keep things fresh, too. Hardware: Nvidia card recommended. It'll run well on GTX 400 series or better. I run it on a GTX 680 on max settings. There are issues with AMD cards. You'll need to fiddle with the settings in the launcher and elsewhere to get an AMD card from crashing your game. The same goes for trying to play on older laptops. Speaking of settings, turn off Motion Blur from the game settings. Do this now. Warframe Motion Blur is not traditional gaming Motion Blur but "destroy all retinas" Motion Blur, especially when you get some scrub Volt PUG spamming its Speed ability back to back like it is its only power or something and making your screen unplayable. You will more than likely need to forward ports on your router to play with others, especially if your router is a few years old. You can select which ports are used in game and go from there. I used to get connection errors from time to time (even with in-game UPnP switched off) until I got a new router with better UDP protocols. Now I have no issues. Getting Started: Steam has some excellent Beginners Guides. I also found the Resource Farming Guide invaluable when I was leveling. I also recommend having the Warframe Wiki bookmarked as well. Good hunting, Tenno!
game-hours: 15.8
review: Warframe is a sci-fi based third-person shooter. It is a very fun game with replayable stealthy or action played levels. Co-op mode is very fun and interactive apart from the fact people steal my kills >.<. Other than that i like how i can change my armor, customize my weapons, and use different colors on my character and my trusty blade. Me, personally i like to play it stealthy on all missions, but if you're not that type, that's your way of playing :) Overall, i love this game with its parkour aspects where as i can run across walls to get to the other side of a pit of lava or acid and i can climd up on a box to straddle over a railing to find myself six feet from an enemy. Very fun and lots of cool features i highly reccomend it to shooter fans. :)
game-hours: 769.0
review: This game is quite awesome for being a free-to-play title. Fast-paced action, a leveling/modification system with depth, and space-alien-ninjas. What else could you want?
game-hours: 281.7
review: it is awesome please play
game-hours: 204.6
review: Fun as hell, just be sure to bring your friends along for the ride.
game-hours: 732.4
review: ninja !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 369.2
review: For being in an open beta stage, Warframe is an amazing game to play. It is really fun, but sure, it takes some time and effort to get into it, that is if you craft or earn everything. In some aspects, people can view it as a "pay-to-win" kind of game, but people tend to craft more than buy (besides blueprints). You can craft every single item in the game too, and some of which you can craft, you cannot buy. But anyway, I am not about to go into a full depth description of the game. To make a long story short, Warframe is awesome.
game-hours: 155.5
review: Amazing game... Slow at first but quickly speeds up. Highly Recomended.
game-hours: 72.3
review: really like it so far best free to play game ive tried on steam
game-hours: 196.2
review: Great game, great customization and replayability.
game-hours: 655.4
review: Game is difficult to start out with, but once you understand the flow of the game, it defines entertainment. Do note that this game might become repetitive after so long. However, constantly getting new equipment will mostly remove the dull of repetition.
game-hours: 90.9
review: When it come to free-to-play Warframe really stands out. Everything in the game (except for exclusive offers that DO NOT make the game pay-to-win) can either be purchased with either time or money. If you want a character asap you can purchase them, or if you're more patient you can find all the parts and build them yourself. Everything from the combat to the graphics have been done amazingly and are always being improved. I've watched this game develop over the past year and it's almost unbelievable what this game has transformed into. I missed the chance to become a founder and everyday I regret it. There's a huge variety of weapons, warframes (characters), powers (each warframe has their own), power ups, maps, and game styles that make Warframe addicting. They have recently added challenges that are loads of fun to play with others online that greatly pay off. They have also listened to their fans and have added pvp matches even when they said they did not see pvp in their vision of Warframe. The developers know what they're doing and their ears are open to their players. If you have not played Warframe yet then I highly suggest that you get on it right now! This game is so much fun and can be even more fun if you play with your friends. If you have played Warframe but it's been a few months then you should give it another chance; there have been many updates and the game has been improved in every way.
game-hours: 432.5
review: warframe is one of my favorite games, it has some of my favorite things. lots of guns swords and anything to fit your style tons of costomization play with frinds play alone very graphic free crafting rp hard
game-hours: 33.4
review: This game is kinda fun
game-hours: 15.0
review: Ninja Vodmo Aliens And Ninja Derpy Aliens ...
game-hours: 4.8
review: Awsome game! You should get this! I have the worst computer and it runs really well!
game-hours: 1065.8
review: This game is very fun, it was one of the first f2p i tried and honestly it's one of my favorite. You play a a in space ninja, running on walls, awesome tile sets, fun clan system, fun to just mess around in the clan or the void. Only dowsides is that some weapons are clan research, or some are only possible to get though the use of platinum which is real money. And that once you farm for dayz to get the needed resources you must wait for either 12 hours up to 72 hours or 3 days to get the item you farmed for dayz to get. But other than that i think it is an awsome game well worth the time you spend on it
game-hours: 1526.6
review: Warframe can be buggy at times, but the devs are always coming out with new content and hotfixes. Warframe has a bit of a steep learning curve and can seem confusing at first, to understand the damage mechanics of the game, but there are plenty of tutorials online, and there are few guys within the comminity who create really excellent videos that can help you understand the different weapons and warframes and how to mod them. The game can be quite grindy, but the rewards are sometimes worth it. I personally love playing Warframe, it has a futuristic feeling, with a large and ever growing assortment of weapons and gear to chose from and the game is quite challenging. You can play parts of this game solo, but it can become very diificult at higher levels so you must work as a team in order to finsih missions. Would I recommend this game ? Yes, I do recommend this game and quite highly. It is not for everyone, but it is free so you have nothing to lose by trying it out for yourself.
game-hours: 419.9
review: This is the best FPS game I have ever played, 10/10
game-hours: 0.9
review: this game is all about shooting, killing , and sneaking. and if your that type of person, you should get this game!
game-hours: 2.6
review: Good game, lighting isn't the best though and it could be improved a bit.
game-hours: 162.1
review: The second best Free to Play game I have ever played. Number one being Team Fortress 2. Download both of them. Nuff said.
game-hours: 4.3
review: the best gme but i can get cs 1.6 plz
game-hours: 100.2
review: Great game for customization, stunning graphics, and great co-op experience. I highly recommend this game!
game-hours: 2.7
review: My favorite ninja game ever highly recomend it
game-hours: 381.6
review: Slice  up plus shoot  up  me.
game-hours: 1427.8
review: Great third person beat em up style shooter. Just purely fun.
game-hours: 590.5
review: c'est genial
game-hours: 781.4
review: This game is very fun and easy to understand. The system requirements are a bit high but reasonable. The graphics are pretty good and the gameplay is addicting to some but not for everyone. I recommend this to anyone.
game-hours: 2.4
review: best free game EVVVVVVVVVVVAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
game-hours: 326.5
review: really fun :D
game-hours: 907.1
review: In short: This game is fun and you should try it. It satisfies a lot of action itches, and it's always improving. It's not hyperbole to say that either; the devs are constantly updating core systems to work and feel a lot better. Not as short: You can read a summary of the game from this page or other reviews, but the concerns most folks will have are about it being F2P, and if the game is fun enough to sustain interest. WF's F2P model is summed up as a well-modeled wait-gated, mild resource farming game. Don't be scared off just yet. You can play as much as you want for free. The game doesn't limit you with tokens to play, or waiting to heal yourself. What you wait for are things like crafting times. Resource requirements for most things are pretty mild (3-5 runs of a map should get you most stuff). You can even trade other players for platinum, the game's premium currency. Game play is a lot of fun, and if you played before and got tired of it, it might be time to try again. The melee system was revamped, missions are much more engaging now rather than mostly fetch quests, story and lore are told much better than it used to be, and the game even has a few end-game elements such as warring factions (not PvP, but rather setting up defenses for invasions). The game focuses well on PvE, even though there are some options for dueling and 2v2 sparring. If you never played, the game has more than enough to keep you busy (and more importantly, interested). If you left a while ago, you can return now. The game has changed so much that most every system that you thought was lacking is now quite robust. The game isn't done improving yet though, and it's technically labeled a "beta" still, but the reality is that WF will keep changing and improving, and it looks like it's all going down a good path.
game-hours: 388.3
review: Bloody addictive and fun co op game to play with friends. I just can't stop trying to unlock all the warframes I can and max out all my guns. But honestly the game is repetitive and there isn't really a story. However I like this game.
game-hours: 553.6
review: fun coop, i grew kind of addicted to it, but it still have to get a lot better, for now it's just to easy and too quick for to reach then endgame , and most the obstacles to it are kind of anoyng, still its fun to rush trogh the enemy hordes, to be a silent parkour swordplay space age ninja, or get pirate mode and to blow out everything with a rocket laucher, or do both!
game-hours: 35.7
review: So cool game!
game-hours: 528.3
review: amazing!! barley any lag and great graphics to match the fantatic gameplay
game-hours: 2.5
review: I think this game is good.
game-hours: 116.8
review: its just epic!
game-hours: 365.4
review: Pure awesomeness, this is the most enjoyable game I've played because I always come back to it. I think it has to be the most beautiful freetoplay game at the moment and it probably will stll be so for a while...
game-hours: 227.6
review: Let me start off by saying this game is addicting!!!! It is not only an exemplary example of a third person action/shooter but of a game utilizing a F2P model!!! Digital Extremes has done a wonderful job, ensuring balance across the board, whether it's between the credits/platinum or between the weapons and Warframes themselves. In addition, they have written a narrative, that is dare I say it relatively fresh and original, while simultaneously tying in Dark Sector, for which this game is a spiritual successor to. I am genuinely excited to see where Warframe's story and Digital Extremes shall take fans of this game next!!!
game-hours: 1301.1
review: Your a Ninja and you do Space Stuff.
game-hours: 37.0
review: Great graphics, awesome gameplay. A very enjoyable game which is easy to play.
game-hours: 130.3
review: This game is very worth a play. Not pay to win, which is a nice change for a free to play.
game-hours: 73.9
review: Its a great game so much detail and missions its just unbelievable its a free game. I just played 7 days without anygame and its still adictive like i just started the game
game-hours: 52.3
review: Heaps of fun. Leans more towards the Pay to Win but you can play free and still get the same benefits. Best played with friends
game-hours: 518.9
review: Fast paced gameplay sets Warframe above the rest in terms of fun. Co-Op allows for fun tims with friends, and a good thing is, it isnt pay to win. 11/10 Would Frame again
game-hours: 448.8
review: Really fun game,would be great if they gave free platinum every few weeks
game-hours: 824.6
review: Imagine if a moba and a third person shooter had a child, now add space ninjas. Its a free to play game and its great people. Stop reading the review and download it already. Its great, its not pay to win and if you think it is your probabley insane. Just go download it.....like right now.......stop reading this....... What else do you want? there are ninjas, a great clan system, ninjas, a fun variety of powerful yet intresting weapons, ninjas, parkour and etc. At the time of writing this the game has a update every wensday (not counting hotfixes) adding new weapons and other various changes. Everything is always fairly balanced and the characters all feel unique and different from one another. I could go on for a long time about how much I enjoy this game but to sum this review up, DOWNLOAD IT NOW WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? If you already downloaded the game i have no clue why your still reading this review, the developers tend to be very active in the community and livestream on twitch every 2 weeks to talk about various things, feel free to watch that and learn about various things like sneak peeks about new weapons and stuff. Its free to play so if you hate it the only thing you really wasted is your time and thats not really so bad now is it? and honestly if it is then you shouldn't of been playing a game to begin with dummy.
game-hours: 41.3
review: SPACE NINJAS! This game is really good. It has a nice fast pace,interesting story,atmosphere and characters and awesome gameplay. The guns and swords feel so good to use and it provides a nice challange to those looking for one. There are some issues that bother me since i last played (was a while ago) but leveling up and getting money takes FOREVER and i feel that with the third person camera there should be a cover system of sorts. Not to mention the few bugs here and there but that arent gamebreaking 9/10 "It was okay" -IGN
game-hours: 55.0
review: coolest online game ever if you love sci fi
game-hours: 73.4
review: Easily the most addictive, visually unique and engaging free-to-play game I have played in a VERY long time.
game-hours: 106.5
review: amazing
game-hours: 23.6
review: Bardzo przyjemna gra mona godzinami w ni gra ze znajomymi oprcz tego ma bardzo dobr grafik i kampani, jest w niej bardzo duo misji do ukoczenia. Jak na darmow gr jest bardzo dobra. Polecam!!!
game-hours: 34.2
review: Alright got a little bored though
game-hours: 50.4
review: Ninjas in space, they can fire, they can jump and do ninja stuff 11/10
game-hours: 974.7
review: Free to play and no pay to win, only pay to expidite time of building the weapons and or frames. Game is great a must try for those that have PC and want gears of war/ mass effect action style gamplay
game-hours: 28.8
review: Ever wanted to be a space ninja? Well then this is the game for you! its a third person shooter featuring co op and pvp in different "sectors" across several worlds.You get to wear a speacial suit that has its own abilities and playstyle. With a variety of primary, secondary and melee weapons, you can customize your playstyle to your hearts content Pros - Tons of parkour - variety of enemies - lots of customization Cons - really no story - lots of micro transactions - hard to get into easily
game-hours: 2.2
review: 8/10
game-hours: 203.2
review: This game is so awesome like farming for new warframes and weapons going though new plants and playing the warframes (ninjas) and having fun playing with others and getting your companion!
game-hours: 1046.5
review: Hours of bloody gore soaked fun
game-hours: 33.7
review: NINJAS SPACE EXPLOSIONS 123Achievments FREE TO PLAY!
game-hours: 91.9
review: The fact that you have to read this in order to understand the level of amazingness that comes from this game... may God have mercy on your soul... If you like completlely custom game play... with ablility to BUILD every thing you can buy... all within a free game...each game mode (even while farming missions) is completely different.... GREAT graphics (even when compared to a buyable game)... and a community of helpful people...and other stuffs... then this isnt your game... Because your too busy reading what OTHER people think about it.... have some faith my child...Download it... add me on steam... I can personally tell you how awesome this game is! Either way.... your lack of faith is disturbing....
game-hours: 1147.1
review: Best free to play, i've ever played! After the update 14.0, it feels like i bought a game with in-game transactions, to speed things up and look even more badass. It's a game about mother ing space ninjas with magic! Also, it has swords, aliens and now huge killer puppies... yeah!!!!
game-hours: 443.2
review: Oynadm en iyi f2p oyun. TPS olarak co-op'un babas diyebilirim ve teamplay'in nemli olduu bir oyun. Pay 2 win olmamas ile tam anlamyla f2p olduunu syleyebilirim.Oyundaki her eye oyun ii para ile ulaabilirsiniz. Platinum'u sadece silah ve karakter slotunuz dolduunda kullanrsanz akllca bireyler yapm olursunuz.Onun dnda baz .(renk paletleri gibi) kiiselletirmeler platinle, ama onlarn da eksiklii ok hissedilmiyor. Oynayn, ve ikinci karakteri ap kule grevlerinde ter dkene kadar hkm vermeyin! Good game,Tenno!
game-hours: 2331.1
review: With the game updating so often it's hard to write a review that talks about what features are best, but the constant updates and the fantastic Devs and Community are reason enough to get into this game. Warframe, more fun than you can shake a Space-Katana at! For those of you scared away from F2P games let me say that this game does it as well as it can be done, it is ABSOLUTLEY NOT Pay-2-Win everything available to paying members is obtainable by non paying. Paying saves you a little time in building stuff and you have a few more colors to use on your avatar with but there are no stat bonuses for paying.
game-hours: 824.8
review: Best Grinding Game Ever
game-hours: 157.9
review: This is a game, When downloaded you can play it
game-hours: 214.4
review: GUNZ, NINJA, SPACE, BADASS PARKOR. ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
game-hours: 615.4
review: OMG this game is fun and adictive the game play is complex but not really hard to pick up and learn to play :)
game-hours: 202.5
review: Awsome Game , Love the new update , they really did great job optimizing the game i used to get 30 fps on 640*480 all of now i get 60 fps at the same options great job digital extreme :D
game-hours: 520.2
review: After playing it for 145 hours, I can say that it was really worth my time so far. I don't know why the Metacritic Score is pretty low, but it's probably because the reviews were from back when the game was... well... not so interesting. It's a third person shooter with parkour-elements, filled with missions around defending, assassinating a boss, exterminating a level and so on. There is a gigantic list of weapons, all of them can be further be changed in appearance, while mods will change how they behave. A Flamethrower can turn into a Gasthrower, heavy melee weapons can turn into fast weapons of destruction. There are also different warframes - pretty much classes in other games. Each Warframe has 4 Skills, most of them very useful, others very situational. Weapons and Warframes can either be crafted via ingame money and resources or bought with real money. Crafting will also take real time to complete, from half a day with most weapons to 3 days when finalizing a new warframe. It's clearly a way to get you to buy stuff, but as soon as you have some missions under your belt, the waiting time isn't really that annoying. Just as a warning: The game isn't easy at the beginning. You will die often and hard. But after that initial hurdle, the game gets really good. My only problems so far are the high prices of some things you can buy and that there are only 4 enemy factions so far. You should check it out if you like third person shooters. You should also check it out if you liked Borderlands, as it is somewhat like that with Leveling up and modifying weapons. It is free 2 play, but you won't get slapped with a paywall until you're like 20 hours into the game. And by that you will probably know if you want to play on or not.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Very awesome game, although I play this pretty much on the PS4.
game-hours: 539.8
review: The game is awesome and pretty much fun but just one recomendation; they give you 50 platinum (purchasable currency) to use in what you want. Only use it on slots for your warframe or weapons. It is wasted on resources. EDIT Okay I gotta edit this review for plenty of reason: 1) I have sunk way too many hours into this game, I am serious, over 300 hours! 2) This game has become something of a wonder, it's mechanics are good, it looks good and the developers are we tied with the community. 3) The game is just incredible really, annoyingly grindy, bit of a platinum  and they give you way too little warframe slots for 20 plats but if you get beyond that the game just takes over and you both learn to love eachother.
game-hours: 279.7
review: very fun game can get very addictive. kinda a pay to win but at the same time anything u can buy with plat you can earn through missions (except some mods ex. primed chamber)
game-hours: 3553.1
review: One of my Best online games. but there is something i have to say about warframe Grind fest: [ Warframe = "i hope you enjoyed the first time as much you will do at the 70th time" ]
game-hours: 63.5
review: Lots of alien nijas chopping arms and legs off, all for free and co-op too!
game-hours: 10.7
review: It takes a bit to get used to (how to equip various mods, upgrading your armor/weps, etc.) but is absolutely worth it! The graphics are awesome, the levels are friggin' amazing, and it can surely give a challenge to any kind of player! The frames (armor) for each class looks absolutely amazing, and each class has it's personal skill (Ultimate, basically) that's cool!
game-hours: 1081.7
review: Way too addictive. Can't stop playing. Must sleep more..
game-hours: 444.7
review: .          .
game-hours: 323.4
review: Starts slow, but honestly, this is a diamond in the rough. A game that needs to be played to be understood. I never knew I what fun it was to play a space ninja, but after about 15 hours, it's got a few hooks in me, and not bad for free. I'm in my mid twenties in rank with the starter gear and am pondering the grind for new equipment or simply cashing out and having $10 or $20 to ride on for a while. The missions of Mercury are a bit dull, but once you get the Venus, the missions open up a bit and become a bit more engaging. In terms of polish, it isn't the shiniest stone but it isn't the buggiest by far. I would put it on par with a Payday 2 or Tribes Ascend sort of feel.
game-hours: 19.0
review: GRATE GAME LOVE IT NBETTER ON PS4 BUT ITS FUN
game-hours: 231.5
review: It's a really good game considering it's free to play. I would definitly recommend it to people if they asked me, there is alot of action intense gameplay as you progress and lots of great characters to choose from. At first it seems a little slow and grindy but when you work hard for what your aiming for it really makes it seem worth while, where as some games just hand you the best stuff in a day. Definitly a good time killer when you get bored, or you can always play it in between games.
game-hours: 8.0
review: I love Warframe, and while I don't play the PC version as much as I do the console, it's fun regardless what platform you play it on!
game-hours: 130.1
review: A pretty fun over-the-shoulder shooter/ninja-ing/parkour/sword-swingin' kinda game, you play as a space cyber-ninja in a cruel space-future. Also you can get an ugly lovable space bat-dog. Honestly, a fun game if you're looking for a time-sink, as it is fairly grindy. All weapons need to be levelled up, as do suits, and you have to gather materials to improve stuff or make stuff better. Like I said, grindy, but... still entertaining.
game-hours: 496.7
review: Grindy grind! But still cool.
game-hours: 65.5
review: Space Ninjas. Period.
game-hours: 877.9
review: Warframe is truly a wonderful games that ticks all of my boxes. It's god the best Sci-Fi feel, best action and of course the Ninja feeling to it. You can choose what you want to do when it comes to missons, want to go in guns blazing? Go ahead or if you prefer a more stealth approach to it then again, go ahead. The sound has improved dramatically over the years of Warframe and is really been a milestone for the developers to be proud of. They always surprise us with every update whether it be small or big. The music is perfect, it really does add the best theme you can get to battles and of course the music varies from battle to battle. The design is just the key symbol of Warframe, why you ask? See for yourself, it's just perfect. Every little detail Digital Extremes puts into the game always made the game more beautiful. The lighting is very dynamic, it's not too bright and not too dark in missions while keeping the good mix of lights to create the desired atmosphere. Gameplay in my opinion does need a bit of working, I just think Warframe is really hard to get into when you start as it only gets good when you start getting a real challenge. Digital Extremes did a good job when it came to Ninjas, I mean come on, you get to do Parkour. You get to run on walls while shooting and perform attacks with your sword in mid air flight. That's all I can say really, well there is one more thing. Get the game. You'll wish you played this game a long time ago. 10/10.
game-hours: 8.2
review: Robots and Ninjas. Whats more to love? 11/10 Would ninja again
game-hours: 212.0
review: WARFRAME IS LIFE WARFRAME IS LOVE...............
game-hours: 828.9
review: Fun and exciting game. That's like all I have to say.
game-hours: 434.1
review: The pinacle of MMO adapted to FPS. Third person adds to the overall experiance, custimization is to die for, graphics are Next Gen. I would advise this game to anyone and find a single person who didn't enjoy.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Good game for cooperative players. Fun misions. Overall 7/10
game-hours: 314.0
review: Good game for free to play with fun and interesting combat and teamplay but it has several severe flaws which are that it has a bad payment model, things are overpriced and you are required to buy more slots for warframes and weapons i u want more then two. Secondly the game becomes very repeatitive and there is not very much metagame. The last thing is that it is very difficult to get interested in this game starting off due to its repeativeness.
game-hours: 751.2
review: Warframe has a few quirks here and there but you should not just give this a glance. Invest at least a good hour and you'll form a new passion to the free-to-play lifestyle 8.5/10
game-hours: 700.5
review: This game is an example of free to play done (mostly) right, which is very rare. You, a member of the Tenno race, are equiped with suits known as Warframes, each with unique stats and powers. It is your mission to aid in the war between the Tenno, Grineer, Corpus, and Infested. Admitadly, the game plays like a standard third person shooter, where it really shines is all of the different weapons and mods just waiting to be discovered, like Bows to assault rifles, Health increases to abilities. It's not without it's problems, though. The game is LITTERED with microtransactions, and while optional, grinding isn't fun unless you have friends. Oh yeah, this game has a standard 4 player co-op system too, which it is usually designed around. Overall, I would suggest getting this game with a very open mindset.
game-hours: 185.2
review: Despite my username and avatar, I don't go in much for FPSs. I still LOVE this game. It's a lot like Mass Effect multiplayer, with the addition of martial arts flick acrobatics. Good balance so far in the freemium aspects -- new equipment comes along fast enough (particularly when playing with friends) that I don't feel screwed by not paying money for it. Looking forward to how this game develops over time.
game-hours: 272.1
review: the game is very fun and runs good on most computers in all i really enjoyed the game and you should too. the bugs you may find are never to serious and yet some of them are funnt.
game-hours: 1742.9
review: Best third person Ninja game I've played. Very fast paced co-op or stealthy solo play. Loads of wall running, jumping, flipping, and tons of other stuff. Weapons and characters can be crafted and modded to fit your style.
game-hours: 111.0
review: I'm not reccomending this game because of its core dynamics (Farm fo dayz) I'm reccomending it because it can be something better within the coming years/months. My only plea is that they make sure that the main story line is good for holding out for so long, and to decrease some mod drop rates and to decrease the time needed to create Warframes/weapons. This game has a lot of potential and I enjoy watching it grow.
game-hours: 274.7
review: Best!
game-hours: 3935.2
review: THIS...IS...THE...ONE
game-hours: 3312.9
review: Alien space ninja's in space with magical ninja powers in space. Its undeniably grindy but the gameplay is fun. Its free anyway. So just get the game, enjoy it while you can. Then delete it once the RNG in the game has screwed you in the bumhole without lube too many times.
game-hours: 240.4
review: Fast Paced Third Person Shooter, It is by far a rather interesting and fun game to play, Playing basically as a ninja in space is truly something
game-hours: 20.6
review: Warfrmae is a game ive been following since alpha and like many other games i never loose intrest in playing it, Yes this game isnt for those who just 'want it all now an not wait' but i think that the grind and trial to obtain warframes without using real money makes the warframe that more rewardable, the game just amazes me every day, its one of the only games that actually feel like a living breathing world every weekend has a new global event where the developers have us go up against a grineer vs corpus rivalry or a sneaky corpus tradesmans escort. Every warframe adds a new field to play with within the randomly generated levels and i love all the customization and loadouts that are avaliable you can play how you want to play; Be a tanky rhino and destroy the fron lines or a Nova who assists the whole team in a damage amplifier or be a sneaky assasin like loki or ash and stealth an entire mission. Oh and dont get me started on U11, in the lastest update they have added more amazing rooms and decoration to the clan built dojos. Alot of the content in warframe is not visble at first glance but if more people gave this game a chance i promise they would love it. Plus its FREE!! ( Btw I play warfame from the website and not through steam, i actually have 450+ hrs on the game not 19 hrs :/ )
game-hours: 314.0
review: This game is seriously addicting. It has a ton of different elements from almost every game type there is, which is incredible. Immense customization, innumerable combinations of weapons and mods. This game really has it all.
game-hours: 143.9
review: Awsome game :D
game-hours: 1.6
review: You can play with the spaceship on the loading screen. 10/10
game-hours: 541.5
review: Once I had regained my password, Warframe had still turned out to be a grind. You will spend ages rerunning levels and hoping for drops for specific pieces or patterns to unlock equipment. For those of you with fat wallets and little time to earn the gear legitimately, you can pay to unlock the weapons. It's a bit of a shame none of the vanity items can be earned in game though. Luckily, the game is still fun in a very visceral sense. Gunning down grunts while they swarm at you on defensive missions is one of the best parts, though it does appear they've rebalance a large portion of the game since I last played. The emergence of a story that does not require you to go browsing forums and creators notes is refreshing as well. 7/10 Would be better if you didn't have to spend so damn long (or so damn much) to unlock some of the gear. Seriously. Stop charging so damn much.
game-hours: 1337.2
review: Every second you spend reading this review , is a second not spent playing this game . So you want a better explanation of this game eh ? Then lets get the biggest negative point out of the way first . This game has grinding like you've never seen before , but if you really can't wait you can always pay to speed things up . Most of the time you'll be doing this for the crafting , and trust me crafting in this game isn't on the level of most RPG games where you gather materials from hunting a lot of the same enemy and finding a crafting table to make it . This game's crafting is on the level of mobile games , everything takes time to complete , most weapons take 12 or 24 hours to complete while a new frame to play takes at least 3 and a half days . But of course you can skip all this by paying . There is one more negative point , but this can be viewed as also positive so I'll explain it in a moment Still with me ? Good , on to the good part . Each frame has their own individual powers ranging from turning invisible to shooting ice or fire to turning every enemy against each other to summoning the dead . And this gives each frame a new way of playing each mission . Leveling in this game isn't like other game either , you don't get stronger by gaining exp and leveling up you frame and weapons . This is where the other negative point comes in , you see this game contains something known as mods , you use these mods to increase damage , range , efficiency or even give your weapons an elemental effect . But in order to futher make you weapon or frame stronger you need to level up those mods , and the only way you can do that is by fusing spare mods with it , because of this some mods can take over 1000 hours before you hit it's maximum level , or Rank as this game calls it . But you don't get to just throw any mod in all you like for there are 2 limits that you need to follow . See every weapon and frame comes with a limit and that is 8 mods maximum with the execption of Frames and melee weapon who have 9 . Plus they all have a Mod capacity ( think of it as a weight limit that you can't go over ) that fills each time you put in a mod , and the stronger the mod the more it fills up . Of course there are ways you can increase this limit such as doubling it ( only once though ) and installing something known as a Forma . The game itself is rather rollercoaster like , Sometimes you'll find youself running and shooting so many enemies you'll happilly say "Holy crap it's only been 2 minutes ?" when you find out very little time has actually passed sometimes and sometimes you'll be so bored because of how slow things are that you'll find your self dismally saying " Holy crap it's only been 2 minutes ?" and for a specific mission known as survival where you need to kill enemies and hope they drop life support for you to pick up so you can replenish you own life support so you can stay longer but they don't drop any life support and you realise your life support getting dangerously low and you Scream " HOLY CRAP IT'S ONLY BEEN 2 MINUTES ?!" If you want to pick up this game i suggest finding at least 3 other friends you can play with cause this is a game thats more fun in a group of people you use skype or the in game mic to talk with . In the end i highly recommend you playing this game . it's a great game now and it's only getting started .
game-hours: 63.7
review: Awesome game, fast paced and lots of missions and stuff to do
game-hours: 718.0
review: Great graphics, wonderful gameplay, and a caring community.
game-hours: 85.5
review: I absolutely love this game. Although I'm not the greatest player, I feel like it is a game that is easy to learn. The controls are easy and the gameplay is awesome. I love the graphics and the freedom you have when it comes to customization of your character and weapons.
game-hours: 561.2
review: Space, ninjas, space ninjas, ????!1/1/11?!!?????!111?? and a ton of grinding and also more grinding. 10/10
game-hours: 1621.6
review: Warframe is a cooperative TPS action game set in an sci-fi universe. Basically magical space ninjas shooting and slicing everyone, and this makes it a pretty addictive game.
game-hours: 227.5
review: If you like ninjas, space, and mass effect 3's mulitplayer this is the game for you Warning highly addctive Another warning you must pay for weapon and warframe slots but honestly you can make money in the trade channel to do that so not a big deal
game-hours: 1156.3
review: I give it an about 8/10, good visuals, very fun gameplay, 97% of the stuff you can get for free without paying, alot of grinding however, and there is no story as of yet (still in beta), and there isnt much end game content but however that is most likely to change in due time. Note:Will lag you to hell if you dont have a good computer.
game-hours: 156.9
review: Great game fun as to play all that choppin up and killing :D would pay $ for this game 10/10
game-hours: 8.0
review: It's scary and a little too high quality for my graphics chip but it's an awesome game for Ninjas
game-hours: 1525.0
review: Ninjas in space. What else needs to be said. Great fun, fast paced, intense moments. Best experienced with friends. Can be done solo but expect it to get a lot harder.
game-hours: 205.2
review: Brilliant game
game-hours: 24.7
review: Space Ninjas. Nuff said - 10/10
game-hours: 515.5
review: This co-op shooter really gets to you unlike others. The storyline isn't that great, but who cares when you can have weapons and skills that can slaughter enemies by the hundreds. I put it many hours into this game and it is well worth the time and money if you are into the pay to get latest item first kind of people. If not, just normal play is very addictive. So, if you think shooting with style is your thing, then Warframe is for you!
game-hours: 16.0
review: This game was so fun i farted
game-hours: 270.0
review: This game is beyond fun. People say it's a grind, and it is to some extent, but if this doesn't have the more unique, fun, entertaining combat. You wont regret playing this game at all.
game-hours: 356.8
review: Awesome game, full of alot of small glitches, but always getting better.
game-hours: 1311.3
review: best game i've played in a long time
game-hours: 6.8
review: A little repetitive, but the customization, teamwork, and overall fun factor completely make up for it.
game-hours: 9.6
review: Badass
game-hours: 5.7
review: Love it 10/10 will play again
game-hours: 352.1
review: By any objective measure, it's terrible. But I can't help but have fun doing stupid flips and shooting nameless grunts with ridiculous guns. And then I get stuff to build more ridiculous guns to shoot nameless grunts with. Very much one-note, but it's a note that tickles something deep in my lizard brain. Starting out kinda sucks, though. The upgrade system (your primary way of getting more powerful) is poorly explained, and the essential mods aren't parceled out to new players. Starter gear is almost universally terrible, so it can take a while to get going. By the time you're zipping around with a grappling hook and blasting apart mooks with a rocket launcher that shoots exploding acid, your crappy newbie rifle will be but a distant memory. Buy a Braton (not a Braton MK-1) from the marketplace as soon as you can. It is an upgrade in every way. The storefront is kinda whack. Platinum (the real-money currency) prices are all over the place. Weapons and warframes tend to be extremely overpriced, even if you're only buying platinum at a 50% or greater discount. But Orokin Reactors and Catalysts (very important but limited items) aren't too expensive and with the trading system you can pick up the essential mods for about a quarter each. The rest of your plat will likely go toward buying inventory slots. Fortunately, everything except inventory slots is available without paying real money. The crafting system seems like a huge multipart grindfest, but once you get in the habit of collecting materials while you're doing missions for other reasons you'll end up with a surplus of resources. Warframe is very generous with free content. A small amount of cash ($8 in my case) and a bit of frugality will get you everything you'll ever need. Content comes thick and fast. Major updates hit about every two and a half months, with smaller updates in between dropping new equipment and special events . If you enjoy the basic gameplay, then Warframe will give you no end of goals to achieve by parkouring through hallways and murdering bad guys. If you don't enjoy the basic gameplay, then it's not gonna change drastically. Try it out, pick Mag as your starter, see what the fuss is about.
game-hours: 428.5
review: ok so lets be honest this game is probably one of the best looking free to play game there is out there with so much new content there is no reason not to download this game so remember ninjas play free LETS DO THIS
game-hours: 80.6
review: Set in the far reaches of outer space during a new Dark Age, WARFRAME introduces the Tenno, a race on the brink of extinction after being enslaved by the Grineer for centuries. This game is very addicting, play as a space ninja running around throwing energy and running up walls. Defend against a ton of different mobs, grind for hours and craft new weapons and frames. The community is awesome and the gameplay is amazing. I would highly recommend this and we haven't even touched on the graphics. The only problem I can think off is that the DLC is overpriced, just my opinion. Otherwise this game is 10/10!
game-hours: 1477.7
review: One of the most fair free-to-play models around. Pretty much everything can be aquired at an extremely reasonable pace and with only slight effort.
game-hours: 316.1
review: This game is fun. This game is cool. Id reccommend it to ANYONE WHO WANTS TO KILL IN STYLE! Please note if steam sees this message i am hating how it isnt in my libary... I spent money it isnt their. But anyway LET THE KILLING BEGIN! and note IF you strugle in the game, never fear to ask for help, its more immportaint around the time you are getting Stalked by the Stalker.
game-hours: 896.6
review: Free-to-play that's actually free... It's awesome. 4 Player co-op. Constant Developer updates and new content. Wanna be a space ninja? This is the game for you! Try it now!
game-hours: 395.1
review: One of the best games i'ev ever played. On the other side.. it costs you a lots of time.
game-hours: 1094.6
review: This game is about cyber-ninja-pirates in space, sciencing with katanas, scoring headshots on guys in brick-shaped helmets, and most importantly, legs. Legs with pistols attached on top of them.
game-hours: 178.6
review: The reason I tried this game is because it's constantly in the top 15 most played steam game list. I was skeptical about its popularity at first, but it was soon dissipated when I started playing. The basics classes are warframes, each frame has three components you can collect from boss drops at the end of the boss level. It's rather fast to collect these components, no need to buy them from the real money market. In which the frames are quite expensive to buy, there is no real need for that. Most weapons can be bought with in-game credits from the market, and built with resources gained in game. Again, no need to buy with real money. There are some end game weapons / frames that can be collected from end game content, you can't buy them in the market. The frames and weapons are augmented with mods, which are dropped in game. They give stat changes, such as increased damage, fire rate, reload speed, health, etc.. Mods can be combined with other mods (such as duplicates to the same mod) to increase their level, which increases their potency and the cost of using the mod. The higher the level of the frame / weapon, the more mods you can augment it with. The only things worth spending money on are frame and weapon inventory slots, which are quite cheap. Then after that, there is an item that can supercharge a frame / weapon, gives you more space for mods. Which can be obtained in game, but is quite rare. Then there are cosmetics items, which are purely optional. I got about 1800 plantinum for $25, after 20+ weapons and 4 frames, and some cosmetics, I only used up 400 plats. The missions are randomly generated, at the end of each mission you collect in-game credits, mods, and resources. You can alternate between your primary (rifle, shotgun, sniper), secondary (pistol, throwing knives), or melee (swords, dual swords, heavy). The movement is fluid, you can wall walk, slide, slide jump, slide spin attack, leap attack, etc. It makes you feel fast and like an assassin. After 70+ hours in game, I'd say this game is ninja with guns/swords in space, a third-person diablo-like item collection game. Although repetitive, when played in co-op, can be quite satisfying mowing down large amount of enemies.
game-hours: 83.9
review: Best free to play on steam!
game-hours: 102.1
review: EPIC free game
game-hours: 437.6
review: excellent, updates frquentes, cartes gnres alatoirement et coop bien exploite... si vous tes assez patient pour ne pas mettre la main au porte monnaie (ce qui peut VRAIMENT tre compliqu parfois) vous pourrez vous faire plaisir sur ce jeu.
game-hours: 11.0
review: fun+free=awesome?
game-hours: 14.7
review: A surprisingly good sci-fi game that doesn't fail to impress. Gorgeous graphics, gripping gamplay and massive multiplayer action make this game a great next-gen titile!
game-hours: 204.3
review: Awesome shooter game. Recommend for all who like a good scifi action game.
game-hours: 255.2
review: just an amazing game im hooked
game-hours: 13.7
review: It is really fun and i will play it on PS4
game-hours: 3.9
review: Simply and Stunningly amazing.I recommend it to all who play games
game-hours: 132.6
review: A fun co-op fps with leveling elements. In addition to your characters, your account, weapons and minions gain levels as you progress. With higher levels, you can apply modules to your items, increasing various attributes in them. Modules themselves are drops, and the module collecting and building your gear mechanics feel like deck building in a collectible card game. The game is peer-hosted, which probably helps keep the game free to play, but also means that you will sometimes end up playing on a server that is hosted on a connection that can't handle the bandwidth requirements of four players. This can be somewhat resolved with ping-filtering peers, especially if you have the connection and cpu power to host yourself. Almost everything in the game can be obtained without paying real money (except character/weapon slots), but as usual, time is money, and helps you progress faster.
game-hours: 657.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2617.3
review: I downloaded it initialy becouse it was a free game on steam. it sat there after my first few mision for a couple months, i practicly ignored it at first but then i relize people in my guild wars clan were enthralled by it, since then I,ve played it for about a week and it brought me closer to people in my guild i sooner hadent even known funny how stuff like that can work. to really love and understand this game you need to know a few things the current priceing for a few packs like excaliber prime is a project to give people limited time weapons to further increase production of the game as awhole. this game is currently in open beta and as such has some bugs most of wich are negligable. the currency system gives players the ability to buy everything no grind required get your warframe your guns and off you go to be some kinda crazy space ninja. the most importent part of the game however is that if you purchase the high end 200$ bundle your ideas can truely play an ear and major roll in development. some can say thats a bad thing but howmeany opertunitys to you find now a day to actualy controle the content in your persistent world. in closeing the game is majorly focused on co-op not pvp in fact the devs words pvp will go as far as friendly sparing nothing more. i think thats as far as i can stress how awsome this game is and can potentialy be its free you have nothing to lose
game-hours: 275.6
review: Fun
game-hours: 415.6
review: Good game, kinda suprised it's free
game-hours: 21.2
review: Before you play this game ask yourself these questions. *Do I like jumping out of ceiling tiles? *Do I like spending half my day looking for upgrades on pathetic weapons? *Do I enjoy a broken economy where 50 bucks gets me a ratchet  katana? If you said yes to any of those, grab this game...immediately.
game-hours: 956.9
review: Warframe, a Free-to-Play cooperative game, that implies the title of "Free-to-Play." The story of Warframe? Not too much is known, but a basic understanding of it is - it's a spiratual sequel to Dark Sector, which pulls some ties in from said game like the Technocyte Virus etc. You are Tenno, a species of human mutated from the Technocyte Virus. The suit, known as a Warframe is the suit that gives the user increased power. The Lotus, the one who guides the Tenno, asks of you to restore the balance to a universe at war. That is a very broad understanding of the story. There are various bits and pieces of lore in the Codex, but I'll keep the story asset brief. The aesthetics of the game are pretty original, mostly harkening with the Warframes especially. Everything looks sleek and organic. It's charming to say the least. As for the game itself, it is pretty fun. While people start out with a minimal amount of equipment, which can be considered a subtracting point, the player is given fifty starting paid-for currency, enough for a mixture of Warframe slots and weapon slots. These slots allow you to acquire more Warframes and weapons throughout your career as a Tenno. The starter equipment aforementioned which excludes the unique choice of Warframe, is nothing to write home about - a slow-firing automatic rifle, a basic sidearm and sword. But those aren't your only weapons you can acquire; a plethora of weapons can be utilized at the players own discretion. Things like "heavy" automatic rifles, to whips, to lightning-chaining weapons. The only problem being with the weapons, are the same-y aspects of them. Most bullet-based weapons behave like a laserbeam; accurate at all distances, with little felt recoil. As well, most of these weapons aren't "unique." Very few can be considered unique, but that doesn't stop the same aspect as above. The Warframes themselves are unique. Each one respects a different element in themselves. While it may take a few runs to get the components (this will be elaborated further), they are a powerful addition to anyone who can utilize them effectively. Ember can use her flames to scorch the masses, Frost can utilize his abilities to protect hardpoints or teammates alike. Things like these help make the game varied with different ways to play. With weapons and Warframes comes building them. You can buy these from the in-game market, coming in two flavors - the Platinum (paid) edition, or the DIY edition. Buying with paid-for currency, not only yields the weapon/Warframe in question, but it being supercharged (more mod points), and a free weapon/Warframe slot. DIY is where you need the components and resources to build said item. Things like Alloy Plate, Plastids, to a Warframe Chassis, Helmet and Systems, all funnel into the crafting system. The crafting system is not state-of-the-art, as you cannot create multiples of the same item (Ie: I can only build one Health Restore, wait until it is finished building, then craft another one...), but this is where all of the aspects show the Free-to-Play mantra. Everything can be acquired in the game trough the usage of in-game currency and time. If you want to build a Warframe? Do you have at least a few days? You can build him/her. Want that shiny new weapon? Have twelve hours to a day to spare? Build it. To elaborate further, weapons and Warframes can be enhanced even further with the use of mods. They are just basic alterations, that can squeeze out more power out of your weapons. Basic damage upgrades to elemental damages, things like that can help you progress even further. Simple as that. Getting an Orokin Catalyst or Reactor will fuel more mod points into your weapons and Warframes respectively. But that doesn't mean that there are "essential" mods, which make certain mods more useless than others. I won't go into detail into that, but some mods are unquantifiably essential than others. Another part of the game is... Grinding. It is part of every game to increase the longevity of the game. RNG rules all in this department, whether it is to get a component or a mod. This might be a slight turn-off point for many, and is a slight brick wall. You'll have to do a lot of said act to acquire the best gear. It takes a large sum of time to get maximum power. To lessen this is trading. You can trade mods or paid currency to get those mods you can't get, or cheese through the effort of getting one. All in all, Warframe is fun if you can get passed the grinding. Better with a group of friends, as most games are. The only problem is the early-game, grinding and some of the wait-times. Would I recommend it? It is free, so why not? If you get this far, then thanks for reading. Have fun!
game-hours: 5.4
review: Great game with high potential, just that it must stay Free To Play
game-hours: 7.7
review: Ever wanted to be a space samurai with guns? No? Well play it anyway because it's a damn good game. Smooth gameplay and graphics. Some issues but hey, it's in beta.
game-hours: 158.3
review: Cool game but this new update is verry buggy and i mean verry buggy , still the game is awesome if you dont have it you should! they will probly fix the buggy stuff soon so.
game-hours: 3.6
review: Do you like fun?
game-hours: 151.7
review: this is game is almost awesome! Almost cuz it needs less "pay-to-win" pls. You have the blueprints, but for guys that spend money on games thats nothing.
game-hours: 126.6
review: Free-to-Play: +1 Convoluted micro-transactions: -1 SO MUCH LOOT: +1 Grinding is a chore: -1 Story is nonexistant: -1 Lore-heavy: +1 (for lore-lovers) Lots of weapons and characters to chose from: +1 Lastly, space-ninjas. +9,999 Pretty good game. You should download if you're a big sci-fi fan.
game-hours: 598.7
review: This game, is endless fun with friends :L so play it lol
game-hours: 1609.1
review: Excellent game, 5/5 stars. Freedom of movement with immersive parkour elements, a massive variety of weapons, enemies, terrains, playstyles, and customization pair well with an incredibly dedicated development team that not only updates the game on a regular (weekly) basis, but also listens to the community when implementing changes, additions, or removal of game content. New players and veterans alke consistently enjoy Warframe to the fullest possible extent. On top of that, it's absolutely free, with in-game options to obtain the premium currency without monetary purchase if so desired.
game-hours: 899.4
review: Yeah a game where you play as an asian-like race fighting Old dudes in hi-tech armor using a mixture of guns and martial arts yeah sounds like a game good enough to be addicting.
game-hours: 379.1
review: Very fun and the parcore is amazing
game-hours: 80.3
review: yes, though there are many more games that could compare to this and out do it; this game is very good for it being free.
game-hours: 612.5
review: An absolute must-play. Anyone who considers themself a gamer should absolutely try this game at least once.
game-hours: 45.9
review: one of the best free to play game i have ever played
game-hours: 177.7
review: Best online Free-to-play Sci-Fi action Shooter!
game-hours: 698.1
review: am am amm
game-hours: 132.7
review: doidoo
game-hours: 1369.7
review: Warframe is a very well made free to play 3rd person PVE co-op action game, set in a futuristic version of our solar system. Currently in beta and it has been for more than a year but do not let that put you off, this game deserves at least a moment of your time. You take control of a Tenno, a member of a mysterious race of long forgotten warriors. The name Warframe refers to the suits of exo-armour used by the Tenno in battle. The idea for Warframe grew from a 2008 game by Digital Extremes, Dark Sector. The two games share the same universe and there is some evidence to support the theory that Dark Sector's protagonist is still alive in some form in Warframe's far future. Missions in Warframe come in several flavours; extermination, survival, defence and boss battles are just a few of the challenges you can expect to face. The levels are procedural generated from tile sets so even if the same level is played repeatedly there will be map variations every time. Although PVP does exist in the game (conclave and a duelling room) the main focus is PVE, 4 player squads versus all this grim future has to throw at them. There is so much content in this game, I'm only going to scratch the surface. Customisation is vast and varied with new content added frequently. All the standard guns you would expect are here, assault rifles, pistols, shotguns, sniper rifles and much more. Bows, bizarre energy weapons, flame throwers and a huge amount of melee choices. Weapons and frames can be modded too, need more health and shields? No problem, apply the mods to your frame and then level them up for more health and shields. There are hundreds of mod cards to boost or add stats, elemental damage mods can be mixed to create different effects and a refined melee combat system has been added recently. There is no shortage of customisation in the looks department either, colour palettes, alternate helmets, badges, skins and a tonne of accessories. Looking good in Warframe does come with a real world cost, most of the cosmetic upgrades will require you to buy platinum. Of course Warframes are different beyond their appearance, each frame has 4 special powers bound to it, these range from direct attacks to team heals, mind control to invisibility, team buffs and enemy de-buffs. The list goes on and on. Each Warframe has different base stats. All frames can run, slide, jump and wall-run. There are plenty of hidden areas and shortcuts that can only be accessed by chaining together jumps and wall-runs. The graphics look great and really come alive during combat. Environments range from murky swamps to the divine radiance of the Void. The soundtrack and sound effects are also of a high standard, weapons sound like they look and feel. The drum heavy ost helps to keep the action pounding along and that first 10 seconds of music on the login screen will always make me think of the Terminator theme, another plus for WF. Character animations are fluid, character physics are a bit floaty. I have seen the handling of Warframes compared to "steering a boat" but personally I've never had a problem with it and the at times Wile E Coyote like momentum. There are downsides too, this game is a time sink and the only way to avoid those long hours spent grinding is your money, buy some plat and get that stuff instantly. Loads of my friends have quit playing when they find out about the 12hr wait on the parts needed to build a new Warframe then the 3 day build time on the actual Warframe. Again this has never been a big issue for me. I could easily keep going for another 700 words, more pros and cons, explain more about the game and expand on those points I've mentioned but this is the bottom line. Warframe is a fantastic game that has done nothing but improve in the time I've played it.
game-hours: 14.6
review: its a good game and very fun to pplay. love the slidey slidey thing. it DOES however get repetetive after a while.
game-hours: 121.3
review: I've seen things you people wouldn't believe... Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-Beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser Gates.... All those... Moments, will be lost... In time... Like tears, in rain... Time, to die...
game-hours: 614.6
review: An excellent little gem of an MMO, this Free-to-Play has no point that demands you to enter PvP or cough up for some premium currency, though, both are an option. This is only further complimented by the mix of platformer and third-person shooter that's balanced just right. The only reasons you could hate this game would be if you couldn't stand the lore, or simply don't like the game's composition. There are sections that cater to every level of skill, and force nobody to stay within or go beyond them. Get into Warframe, but bring friends if you want a crew to work with you for more than one or two missions.
game-hours: 9.3
review: u basically play as a space ezio.....
game-hours: 285.2
review: 69 AND 72 HAD A BABY
game-hours: 360.8
review: Takes a while to get the hang of it but is very fun
game-hours: 24.6
review: If this game was a bowl of ramen, then it would be a very good bowl of ramen.
game-hours: 1.1
review: its good but the community is mostly idiots its impossible to co-op stealth because everyone else just charges in blasting everything and gettting you detected
game-hours: 5.8
review: Amazing game to play with your friends! Very awesome and it takes true skill to be good!
game-hours: 2264.4
review: U14 - So revolutionary it kicks me whenever I log in.
game-hours: 170.7
review: Its A bit hard to get the grasp of the foundry and modding system at first but its well worth the task once you figure that out its smooth sailing from there it has a good survivability and technically doesnt require you to spend one cent even though its easier.
game-hours: 164.1
review: ing SPACE NINJAS. Need I say more?
game-hours: 99.6
review: Ah yes, Warframe. The game that did beat my favorite game in that one MMOBomb tournament. So it is only natural that I try the game to see how it works. For the record, what happened with that MMOBomb tourney is all said and done, and what was said will be the last time I mention it in this review. Looking at it for the first time the game doesn't really stand out. It's a third person shooter set in space, and while space games are a viable genre, it's a known genre. You take control of a Warframe, out to defeat a faction hell bent on taking complete control of the Solar System or a massive weapons manufacturing company wanting to exploit secrets of a past life being, one of which is your Frame, or tasked with wiping out an infestation of mutated beings from the first two factions. Sounds pretty run of the mill, but it works. Graphics are solid; the Frames themselves seem realistic (or as realistic as they could be for a sci-fi shooter) and one can definitely sense the textures used on their suits. The environments are nice looking as well, ranging from industrial grit to high-tech polish to overgrown biomass strewn all over the maps. I can't say that I was too immersed in the game, but with a game like this, immersion is almost impossible so what the game does it does well. I do feel that a few of the newer Frames do seem out of place - they're over designed and have too much going on with them, leading to messy textures to gaudy coloring - but for the most part everything feels solid. The weapons are nicely modeled and textured as well; weapons that are from a particular faction look the part though some do stick out a bit, namely the Infested type weapons, which don't seem to fit in the game as well as the others. Sounds are good as well, though I do feel that the enemies - namely the Corpus - do get annoying with their gibberish. Turning the sound off is easy enough however. The UI is also good in this game; it's clean, easy to read, and unobtruisve, which is what every UI should be. I have seen screenshots of the game in its infancy and I am glad they changed the UI to what it is now, which makes the game look a lot more professional looking than before. The gameplay is where the game does shine though. As stated, this is a third person shooter, so the game isn't too groundbreaking. However, what it does it does well. Everything seems to fit seamlessly together, with intuitive (for the most part) controls and fluid motions. Using melee is a bit awkward at first; to use it quickly one presses E and one has to bind a key to switch to melee altogether, but in the end it makes sense as E is readily accessible. There are a few more problems though; wallrunning is a bit akward, especially if one is trying to run up into a vent. It does not always work and often leaves me annoyed. Another is switching weapons, which is done using the F key (rather than the middle mouse wheel like other shooters) but I am assuming that can be rebound. Crafting is straightforward enough. In order to make something, you need a blueprint and materials. Blueprints are often bought from the marketplace (the rest farmed from missions are bought from your clan dojo) for in game currency while the player farms for the materials. Simple enough, and once that is all done, you hit build and wait about 12 hours. I do find that the time is a bit silly; 12 hours for a gun? On top of that, there are few weapons available that can be bought with credits, which is the in game currency. The majority of them are bought with Platinum, which is the Cash shop currency, though Platinum can be traded between players. It feels cash grabby and arbitrary to have those timers, as one can rush build them for Platinum. Now for the drawbacks of this game. One is the mastery system, which requires players wait a full 24 hours before each attempt, especially the first test where new players are screwed because of the starting gun. This could be solved in many ways - one, attempt the test as many times as you want if you fail. This is a video game; why should you have to wait? Two, give new players a better gun, or three, make the test somewhat easier. I know many are thinking that I suck because of the gun being used, but for the record, I have switched to a better gun and as expected, I passed. Normally I would say that it depends on player skill for these tests, but with the damage system in the game, it's the gun that makes the difference moreso than the player. In short, remove the 24 hour restriction; it is pointless and all it does is add frustration, or if DE wants to keep it, give new players a better gun or make the test easier. The next drawback is the elevators in the game. They seem simple enough; call for the elevator, get in, wait for your team, and trigger it. Except almost every team I ran with forgot the third part; wait for the team. I know that this is more to do with the players, but DE could put in a way for everyone to tag the elevator BEFORE it can be triggered. Otherwise - and this is what happens usually - you have one person who shows up too late and misses the elevator. If it's a short ride, this is no problem, but in some cases waiting can be a real pain and all it does is thin out the party. DE has a checkpoint system with the dual locked doors, but something in the elevators that forces everybody in the party to tag it before triggering would work wonders. Third, and probably the biggest drawback of the game, is the fact it runs out of steam VERY quickly. What I mean by this is simple; one can reach the end of the game pretty quickly, even with lower levelled items. This could be for many reasons; the build timers could be one, or the fact that certain materials that are required for some weapons are far off and by the time you get the materials you either have a better weapon than the one you want to build OR that you have your weapon modded enough that the one you want to build is actually worse. It feels awkward, and makes me want to play the game less. Why would I want to repeat the process with a Frame or weapon that is worse than the one I have? Maybe it's just me, but I feel the game just runs out of steam. In all, Warframe is a great game. It's not anything groundbreaking, but what it does it does well and makes for a fun hack-and-slash game that can keep you entertained. I do hope that it is expaned on in the future though, and not just with events but things that acutally expand the gameplay. Aside from that, it's definitely a game to check out.
game-hours: 370.0
review: Great game, all I can say
game-hours: 1800.1
review: Story: Game has lore, but not much of a story line. The devs do put a nice touch on lore with the ever frequent events. Gameplay: Movement is my favorite part of the gameplay. From wall running to dodgerolling out of enemy fire, with a creative mind you can get almost anywhere. Gunplay and melee is also great. The massive amount of weapons in the game allow for you to have any type of build. Run and gun? Pick up an assault rifle. Like to pick people off from a distance? Plenty of long-range weapons. Feel like going Rambo and shooting exploding arrows? Go ahead. Warframe has enough weapons to satisfy hundreds of hours of bloodlust. F2P vs. P2W: Probably the best reason why you should give this game a try. The devs are extremely careful with how the microtransaction system works on the game. Every weapon, warframe, and sentinel are easily craftable via-ingame. Or you can help the devs out a bit by purchasing them in the market. The only thing that isn't available via crafting are some cosmetics and exp/credit boosters. Overall: Warframe is a great F2P game that has a vast deversity of niches you can get yourself into. The community is great although a bit quirky at times. The developers also take great care in working and communicating with the community in order to make improvements on the game.
game-hours: 20.7
review: Good game if u r bored
game-hours: 816.2
review: BEST GAME EVERY PLAY AS A NINJA AND IT'S FREE
game-hours: 800.3
review: This is one of the most attractive games that i ever played. It is hard to get inside it, but once you've passed the firsts steps, this game becomes a place for ultimate enjoyment.
game-hours: 443.9
review: It's great.
game-hours: 185.3
review: i think warframe is fun and most peeople would enjoy
game-hours: 707.7
review: warframe is like ze best 3rd person shooter i have ever played tried it :D
game-hours: 36.3
review: I personally like this game a lot but I feel like not enough people play it. It's a very creative and beautiful game that sets itself apart from from other games with its levels, but after a while it gets slightlyh repetetive in my opinion. I give this game 8.5/10
game-hours: 1634.0
review: game ini gratis dan punya grafis yg lumayan.... buat kalian nyari game yg balance dan coop player.. mainkan game ini
game-hours: 55.2
review: Dis gam is so gud that i soiled myself upwards of tree tims.
game-hours: 15.9
review: Fun.
game-hours: 0.6
review: Soo good
game-hours: 193.9
review: It's a bit like pve third person quake with mmo-elements. You run through linear level and gun/cut down lots of enemies. Enemies drop ressources, credits and modifications with which you can upgrade your warframe (class) and your weapons. Ressources and credits can be used to build new warframes or weapons. Weapons and Warframes level up, which allows them to use more modifications. You can build new warframes and weapons with ressources and credits, both found in missions. Quake because the gameplay is pretty fast, warframes are very mobile including options for running up walls and sliding. The controls are well done, one of the few shooters where i didnt change the settings by much. The f2p-mechanic is really f2p. While you can buy pretty much everything with real money in the game, the game doesnt force you to do so. The gameplay is always nice and the farming isnt very time consuming until very late in the game. The only thing i would critizise are the few slots for warframes and weapons, but it's possible to somewhat negate that with the starting platinum (platinum is the real money ressource and you start with a 100 of it, so you can spend that to get more slots). The gameplay is somewhat repetitive though. there are about 10 enemy types per faction with 3 factions and 6 mission types. 4 of the missions play out very similarily, and the other 2 are pretty much the same. It also doesnt really matter if you play an exterminate mission against grineer on one planet or another (aside from the enemy-level). The developer has added 2 recently more which play a bit more uniquely. The weapons and warframes somewhat off-set that, because they play out differently. The endgame is pretty bad from what i can see though. Some weapons and warframes are really overpowered, one faction is heavily underpowered. So once you get your angstrom or ogris and max it out, there is no real reason to play the game anymore. Especially since the game is a bit to easy if you play it with 3 friends anyways. The graphics are pretty good for a f2p game. It isnt really performant though and quite odd in that regard. It runs more fluid on a computer of a friend of mine even though my computer is stronger for example. so overall: +nice gameplay with lots of options, you can melee, shoot, sneak (somewhat) and are pretty fast +fun +fair f2p model +big amount of content +good at not frustrating people. Mods are reuseable, discarded weapons give you a bit of money back. No f2p tyranny. -repetitive -bad endgame -bad balancing -bad difficulty scaling with more players I give it a 9/10 for a f2p game. I would give it a 6.5 if i paid for it. Try it out if you have time to kill and dont hate science fiction or third person shooter.
game-hours: 270.9
review: warfram is a pentacle for its. What i've been waiting for!
game-hours: 80.0
review: A great, fast paced game that is free to play!
game-hours: 290.6
review: Great co-op shooter, a bit grindy but overall it's worth checking out
game-hours: 16.6
review: If you want to grind more than playing a Tony Hawk game and get stomped if you dont this game is for you.
game-hours: 194.5
review: SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSPACE *BOOM*
game-hours: 143.8
review: This game is a really great sci-fi game! Enjoying it a lot!!! Just hoping if there was even a single way on earning platinum for free :(
game-hours: 732.6
review: Surprisingly good game with co-op. Sort of like the Mass Effect 3 multiplayer, but good, and with free-running space ninjas. There is almost no PvP in this game, which is wonderful for all of us sick of wonderful PvE games being ruined by devs focusing solely on PvP, but if you're too much of a  little gremlin to play cooperatively with other people you're not going to like it very much. As someone who's dumped a lot of time into this game already, I should point out two things going in: it takes about 10-20 hours before you'll get the hang of all of the craziness (so read up on the wiki), and it *is* primarily designed to be a cooperative game (so find a group to play with, because it'll go much faster and be more reliable than playing with players from matchmaking).
game-hours: 72.8
review: i could write essays about this game but instead ill go ahead and recommend it, it's actually one of my best f2p games on steam(86/100)
game-hours: 1879.3
review: This game is very well done for a beta, hell this might just be the best third-person free-to-play game I have ever played. Most of the things in here are grindable so you dont have to spend real money to get everything you need, so good luck Tenno!
game-hours: 1.1
review: Yes, good game..
game-hours: 86.5
review: This game makes me quite moist
game-hours: 1246.2
review: So far I have to say this game is really fun. As you can see I enjoy this game very much. +A lot of content. +Hours of fun. +Interesting Design. +Space Ninjas. +Awesome/Active Dev's. +No Paywalls/Everything can be acquired with 0$ (Except some cosmetics). +Tons of Warframes (Characters). +Decent Graphics. +Cool Soundtrack. -Too easy endgame, and not much endgame content. [(I tried?)(I suck at reviews].
game-hours: 367.7
review: Ever wanted to become an unstoppable force of destruction? Then try out this third person shooter, set in a futuristic universe. With the broad spectrum of weaponry and warframes (classes), you can be sure to find a build that truly fits your playing style, if its being stealthy and quick or just run into the middle of the action guns blazing and tanking while you dish out the hurt, you decide. Ranged weapons to fit your every need, shotgun, sniper, submachinegun, machinegun, semi-automatic and automatic versions of the weapons, not to forget the Bow that shoots with such force that it impales your enemies to walls or eachother if you line them up. Slice, bash or punch your enemies to gory bits with the various melee weapons if you want to get up close and personal. Fists, Hammer, Dagger, Axe, Sword, Dual Axes, Sword and Dagger dualwield or go for the Greatsword. There is much more in this game than just this, each warframes set of abilities that aid it in battle. leveling up system joined with the Mod system that improves your various weapons damage output or perhaps your warframes ability to tank better. Craft your weapons or warframes by picking up blueprints and materials when completing missions and fighting bosses. And finally an AI that doesnt just stand out in the open, taking hits without retaliating. No, Warframes AI makes good use of cover systems and strategic vantage points, to give you a better challenge. When they first notice something is wrong, they will alert the entire enemy force of your presence, so being stealthy has its perks but also takes skill to pull off. 9.5/10 -NexusNemesis
game-hours: 47.6
review: Damn nice with light-detailed graphics,+ story line is amazing.Highly ercommended!
game-hours: 1665.7
review: This is one of those rare games that isn't addictive because you're grinding for the best gear, or hunting achievements, or any of the other conventional gameplay gimmicks; it's addictive because simply playing the game is so damn fun. The gunplay and swordplay, mixed with fluid parkour-style movement around the maps, makes the action in this game very dynamic. You'll want to log in and bash baddies not because you need materials to make that new gun (although that's also a worthy goal)... you'll want to log in because playing the game is like living out your own personal sci-fi action movie. With ninjas. In space. Space ninjas. Almost forgot to put that part in here.
game-hours: 441.3
review: Great game and free content every month ! Long time fun guarantees ! No pay2win !
game-hours: 311.2
review: Yay
game-hours: 708.4
review: Amazing guns blazing or stealth shooter for anyone who likes space and/ or ninjas :D
game-hours: 13.0
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun. It's a game about space ninjas destroying space nazis and futuristic EA representatives. I don't think I need to say any more here.
game-hours: 18.2
review: Perfect xbox Controller Support! Best i seen yet! Game is great! Loveing every second of it!
game-hours: 886.2
review: I don't even know where to start with this game. It's just awesome!!
game-hours: 158.1
review: Warframe, where space ninja's do battle to ensure their very survival and uphold balance in the universe. This game, put simply, has been an interesting and amazing experience. There are people willing to help, there are constant updates to keep you interested, and has an immersing UI system. The endless possiblities of modding your weapons or frames, the amazing color packs (if you decided to get extra's), and the actual visual gameplay. I am proud to say that DE has made me hooked on this game. Good job and congradulations to any awards you guys may win. I look forward to playong more of your creations. :)
game-hours: 1613.9
review: Warframe is a PVE focused cooperative scifi action shooter game where you get to play as one of this Spec Ops people with exosuits who are infected with technocyte virus that gives them supernatural powers. It's meant to be based on the Dark Sector universe, but in a distant dystopian future. There's about 5 female and 5 male warframes currently with their own unique abilities and appearance, and still more coming. You can go around collect cards which work as weapon or warframe upgrades from the missions you play, level up your warframe to be able to equip more of those upgrades and fuse the mods together to make these upgrades even more powerful. Nearly anything can be obtained through ingame progression and be crafted after a bit of grinding and farming so you don't necessarily need to spend any real money to get the "good stuff". There are several yet similar game modes and environments, most of them fun and replayable, but still has room for more improvements. All that being said the game has near to no customisation aside from alternate helmets and colour palettes. There's no genderswap option which is a huge downside for me personally. And the upcoming PVP feature {much much later} which I don't care for in the slightest. This game is definitely worth a try if you've got friends to play with, PUGs aren't an option as everyone seems to be either "speedrunning" or trying to be a , going solo is always an option though if you want challenge. Updated August 2013: The company behind the game seem to want to turn the whole game into a tedious repetitive grindfest cash-cow where you'll just get stressed or bored enough and resort to buying what you need from their store. Rather than a replayable funfest. It's their first MMO and they're "learning" that's all fine, but I'm afraid they're learning from the wrong people. Stay away unless you don't mind the grind, otherwise still a regularly updated fun game.
game-hours: 75.9
review: Get this  now, its ing awesome
game-hours: 397.1
review: You are a space ninja. IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE! In all seriousness, a lot of fun. I have sunk a lot of time into this one.
game-hours: 457.3
review: I love this game, its space ninjas cutting up dudes with guns, using an assload of weaponry. It does have Pay to Win elements, BUT you need to work hard to be the Very best. I recommend it gets my A/5
game-hours: 685.4
review: An awesome cross between Assassins Creed and MDK. Parkour meets hack and slash in a sci-fi world. Wether you prefer a stealthy approach or in your face brawling, this game has it all!
game-hours: 109.3
review: Space ninjas killing things with guns is fun
game-hours: 467.5
review: Absolutely love this game, Action packed, and the support you get for bug fixes is really good, always adding new things every week or so :)
game-hours: 113.5
review: It's free. It's fun. What more do you want.
game-hours: 34.1
review: DIS GAEM IS BRETTY GUD U SHULD BUY IT AND PLEY WIF ME
game-hours: 2869.3
review: I love this game so many hours and so much content.
game-hours: 356.5
review: recomend. it was the  when i got it, now i just have to pay for everything i want to unlock,
game-hours: 1.1
review: Excellent title for FTP
game-hours: 3.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 225.4
review: Ive been playing warframe for a year and a half now, and i can say it is the best MMOFPSRPG game ever. The graphics are amazing, the customizability is exstensive, and the gameplay itself is addicting. This game is not for everyone, particularly in the sense that it's not a normal MMO.
game-hours: 619.0
review: It's very hard to believe this is a free to play game. It takes many machanics from other games I enjoy and uses them in a way that makes you want to keep playing. You will lose hours.
game-hours: 469.5
review: A REALLY COOL GAME for heavy machines and even normal ones
game-hours: 156.0
review: This game is pretty great, if you like space ninjas and eviscerating things, this game is the one for you.
game-hours: 46.4
review: This is a very fun and adicting game with a fast pace and shooter aspect. Fun for all types of gamers!
game-hours: 204.1
review: -10/10 Would Bang-
game-hours: 612.8
review: Awesome game. You must play this if you like FPS games.
game-hours: 1.6
review: Really nice game.
game-hours: 151.1
review: Warframe is a great game to play with friends, since it is very much a Co-op game and teamwork is essential for success. On top of everyting, it's free! Also, this is not a Pay to win game, since all in-game items can be crafted or won in in-game events without spenidng a dime. The graphics are great, and sometimes I just play because of them! Though there is no actual story, there are planets, items, guns, clans, and anything needed to make this a great Sci-Fi game that'll give you hourse of fun! Just beware, if your computer is VERY slow, lag may affect gameplay.
game-hours: 303.0
review: this game is simply awesome. though the maps may appear to be repititive, but playing this with friends is a loving experience. and the game mechanics are simple and easy, if in doubt just check the in-game tutorials. amazing weapons, cool warframes, upgrading and modifying weapons, and the best of all.........................................it's FREE!!!!!!
game-hours: 415.6
review: Good game, kinda suprised it's free
game-hours: 21.2
review: Before you play this game ask yourself these questions. *Do I like jumping out of ceiling tiles? *Do I like spending half my day looking for upgrades on pathetic weapons? *Do I enjoy a broken economy where 50 bucks gets me a ratchet  katana? If you said yes to any of those, grab this game...immediately.
game-hours: 956.9
review: Warframe, a Free-to-Play cooperative game, that implies the title of "Free-to-Play." The story of Warframe? Not too much is known, but a basic understanding of it is - it's a spiratual sequel to Dark Sector, which pulls some ties in from said game like the Technocyte Virus etc. You are Tenno, a species of human mutated from the Technocyte Virus. The suit, known as a Warframe is the suit that gives the user increased power. The Lotus, the one who guides the Tenno, asks of you to restore the balance to a universe at war. That is a very broad understanding of the story. There are various bits and pieces of lore in the Codex, but I'll keep the story asset brief. The aesthetics of the game are pretty original, mostly harkening with the Warframes especially. Everything looks sleek and organic. It's charming to say the least. As for the game itself, it is pretty fun. While people start out with a minimal amount of equipment, which can be considered a subtracting point, the player is given fifty starting paid-for currency, enough for a mixture of Warframe slots and weapon slots. These slots allow you to acquire more Warframes and weapons throughout your career as a Tenno. The starter equipment aforementioned which excludes the unique choice of Warframe, is nothing to write home about - a slow-firing automatic rifle, a basic sidearm and sword. But those aren't your only weapons you can acquire; a plethora of weapons can be utilized at the players own discretion. Things like "heavy" automatic rifles, to whips, to lightning-chaining weapons. The only problem being with the weapons, are the same-y aspects of them. Most bullet-based weapons behave like a laserbeam; accurate at all distances, with little felt recoil. As well, most of these weapons aren't "unique." Very few can be considered unique, but that doesn't stop the same aspect as above. The Warframes themselves are unique. Each one respects a different element in themselves. While it may take a few runs to get the components (this will be elaborated further), they are a powerful addition to anyone who can utilize them effectively. Ember can use her flames to scorch the masses, Frost can utilize his abilities to protect hardpoints or teammates alike. Things like these help make the game varied with different ways to play. With weapons and Warframes comes building them. You can buy these from the in-game market, coming in two flavors - the Platinum (paid) edition, or the DIY edition. Buying with paid-for currency, not only yields the weapon/Warframe in question, but it being supercharged (more mod points), and a free weapon/Warframe slot. DIY is where you need the components and resources to build said item. Things like Alloy Plate, Plastids, to a Warframe Chassis, Helmet and Systems, all funnel into the crafting system. The crafting system is not state-of-the-art, as you cannot create multiples of the same item (Ie: I can only build one Health Restore, wait until it is finished building, then craft another one...), but this is where all of the aspects show the Free-to-Play mantra. Everything can be acquired in the game trough the usage of in-game currency and time. If you want to build a Warframe? Do you have at least a few days? You can build him/her. Want that shiny new weapon? Have twelve hours to a day to spare? Build it. To elaborate further, weapons and Warframes can be enhanced even further with the use of mods. They are just basic alterations, that can squeeze out more power out of your weapons. Basic damage upgrades to elemental damages, things like that can help you progress even further. Simple as that. Getting an Orokin Catalyst or Reactor will fuel more mod points into your weapons and Warframes respectively. But that doesn't mean that there are "essential" mods, which make certain mods more useless than others. I won't go into detail into that, but some mods are unquantifiably essential than others. Another part of the game is... Grinding. It is part of every game to increase the longevity of the game. RNG rules all in this department, whether it is to get a component or a mod. This might be a slight turn-off point for many, and is a slight brick wall. You'll have to do a lot of said act to acquire the best gear. It takes a large sum of time to get maximum power. To lessen this is trading. You can trade mods or paid currency to get those mods you can't get, or cheese through the effort of getting one. All in all, Warframe is fun if you can get passed the grinding. Better with a group of friends, as most games are. The only problem is the early-game, grinding and some of the wait-times. Would I recommend it? It is free, so why not? If you get this far, then thanks for reading. Have fun!
game-hours: 5.4
review: Great game with high potential, just that it must stay Free To Play
game-hours: 7.7
review: Ever wanted to be a space samurai with guns? No? Well play it anyway because it's a damn good game. Smooth gameplay and graphics. Some issues but hey, it's in beta.
game-hours: 158.3
review: Cool game but this new update is verry buggy and i mean verry buggy , still the game is awesome if you dont have it you should! they will probly fix the buggy stuff soon so.
game-hours: 1867.5
review: WOW this game is really good if you are new to steam and you want to play some free games this is one of the many games right next to no more room in hell besides that the game dose have a few bugs but not major anyways great game overall
game-hours: 758.7
review: Meh.
game-hours: 186.0
review: Its free to play, so it won't cost you anything to try it out. That being said, i would recommend it. Though after a while you will get bored of doing the same stuff over and over again. I would still be playing this game if there were more updates or more immersion in gameplay. Though i still recommend this game, as i have played it over a 100 hours myself.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Nice graphics, fun so far and reminds me of a few games I've played in the past.
game-hours: 43.4
review: This game is great. but i wouldnt play it if you want to spend at least 50 buck to at least past neptune though
game-hours: 446.2
review: Pretty awesome for a free game I would recommend to anyone that likes third person shooters.
game-hours: 568.9
review: I concur with previous statements, this game will indeed cook your bacon and end all EA representatives lives rather quickly, it's advised anyone with a phobia to photocopiers is to avoid playing this game unless wearing a hat made from horse hair.
game-hours: 550.0
review: Ninja Pirates in Space. What else would you expect?
game-hours: 163.4
review: This game has come such a long way since release. Now I can't stop playing it. Everything in the game can be unlocked as long as you put some time into it, so even if there are a lot of purchasable items and equipment, you can still be on par with those players. The combat is extremely fluid, physics are wonderful, graphics are fu**ing amazing, and the diversity in the frames and weapon builds make it fun to show off to your friends.
game-hours: 918.2
review: a definite must have, just download and see, once you start playing you wont stop, ive been playing since ive downloaded it.
game-hours: 2.3
review: the game is pretty good but on some levels u get lost and cant finish it
game-hours: 230.6
review: Warframe: Space Ninjas. With parkour and grinding abound, this game does many thing for my inner space ninja. That aside, the story line seems to be a bit lacking. However, I still find the game rather entertaining with good friends.
game-hours: 578.0
review: I'll try and keep this short When i started playing Warframe, i never expected it be a truly free-to-play game. It was only after ~40hours of aimlessly grinding the first 4 planets that i figured out how to play this game, progress and become stronger. I realised after becoming bored with my (weak) starter gear and building a ton of new ones to try out for  and giggles, that crafting your first few weapons is what gets you out of the frustration zone. The game was almost instantaneously opened up to me, (especially after upgrading my newly crafted gear) and I now found the gameplay to be quite satisfying and fun. I started to become more skilled at playing and was offered a spot in several clans. I picked one, and found its members to be some of the most helpful people out there, and I quickly learned how to trade some of my stuff, how to find rare and valuable items, and how to properly prepare my equipment for each mission. It wasn't long before i had enough Platinum to purchase my first cosmetic upgrades and extra slots for weapons and warframes. Dropping into a mission next to a friend, and catching their reaction when they see your hard-earned individuality - The alternative helmet, the "Syandana", the new vibrant colour scheme, and the intricately detailed weapons - is a HUGELY satisfying experience i cant describe =) Its even more satisfying to make their day by telling them you haven't spent a SINGLE CENT on the game. There are CONSTANT updates to this game that fix bugs, balance current content and add new content for you to enjoy, and it's not slowing down. It continues to grow and grow, and become more amazing just about every week; giving it a rather "polished" feel for an open Beta. It's going to be huge one day, and there's no reason that you shouldn't play this and be a part of its amazing development. TLDR; Dont listen to people who say this game is pay to win. They are simply stuck in the same place i was in: They want to progress, and Platinum deals are becoming more and more tempting with each passing day, as they struggle to find the answer that is literally staring them right in the face. I could go into detail about how the in-game Trading channel can you make enough Platinum to buy anything you want for absolutely none of your cash at all, but i did promise i would try keep this short =) So give this game a try, get involved in everything it offers and really go for it. I mean, who DOESN'T wanna be a badass space-ninja of untouchable epicness? (that's a huge plus right?) 11/10
game-hours: 1318.4
review: A seriously fun game if you have the patience to repeatedly do missions to gather materials for better weapons.
game-hours: 10.1
review: Extremly fun & addicting. Especially fighting the massive ammounts of Grineer.
game-hours: 372.6
review: awesome game, huge selections of warframes to choose from, each with unique playstyle and skills. hundreds of mods to customize your build and weapons. everything other than weapon and frame slots can be obtained by playing, well, a lot of time, or get it with real money
game-hours: 557.3
review: okay the question that humanity has been asking itself over and over again(you aready know what it is off-course) is... wait for it... what happens if you mix 3rd person shooting and space ninjas. well you get WARFRAME. its got over hundred randomly generated space station "dungeons" making every game different you have awesome ninja skills like wall running and kicking enemies in the face. and on top of everything, this...game...is...bloddy...free!!. now, to the seriuos review. the game is currently in beta, that means there will be bugs and glitches, i have never found any game breaking bugs though. there currently is 17 classes (warframes) to chose from. this includes healers, tank and mind controllers and all that fun stuff. you will find 3 factions to shoot in the face (sort of 5 but that doesnt matter) the controls feel pretty good to me. overall this game (in my OPINION) is a very, very and yet another very good game
game-hours: 984.9
review: It's quite fun...... but mostly the *clears throat* you know what i mean right? If you are one who likes to Grind things with friends (and piss them off like me) then this game is for you. If you enjoy the excitement of crafting things then this game is for you. That is why I, myself, renamed this game something inappropriate c:
game-hours: 61.8
review: good game
game-hours: 42.8
review: AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
game-hours: 152.8
review: 9/10 This game is just fun to play, also a bit addictive since you can't stop getting more gear and customizing your 'Warframe' (in-game character), I give it a 9 because at the beggining it's a bit overwhelming for new players, so many features and options, not to mention things to do. Anyways I played in an old account after dropping this game some time ago, and may be that's why it was so overwhelming. It's free, fun and the community is great. Give it a try!
game-hours: 43.4
review: This is my first time playing a 3-rd person shooter and i like it very much. The game flow was pretty good but to achieve this i had to tweak video settings to low... my CPU has only 2Ghz. This one of those games that really requires time, to play and most important to evolve. Co-op fans will find this pretty interesing, this is the game to play after some L4D or L4D2 madness :)
game-hours: 6.2
review: good game
game-hours: 8.0
review: Meow.
game-hours: 3.3
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING ON PC AND PS4
game-hours: 42.0
review: Warframe was fast paced, run through, chop them up and shoot them up.
game-hours: 413.5
review: Nice and Addictive game it take 60 hours of my life weekly i recommend it
game-hours: 18.8
review: Sick game for sure Great graphics great gameplay epic fights nothing more to say you like to fight here is your game in 3d baby
game-hours: 8.6
review: This game rocks!!!!
game-hours: 51.5
review: AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME not too to pay to win just a bunch of farming. But its worth it coz while u r farming u r still having fun :D However, it does get repetitive and predictible at times, so i recommend dont play too much a day unless u r farming for forma or potatos
game-hours: 39.1
review: Gomenasai, my name is Vogue-Sama I'm a 22 year old American Otaku (Anime fan for you gaijins). I draw Anime and Manga on my tablet, and spend my days perfecting my art and playing superior Japanese games. (Warframe, World of Warcraft, Persona series) I train with my Dual Ether every day, this superior weapon can cut clean through steel because it is folded over a thousand times, and is vastly superior to any other weapon in the solar system. I earned my sword license two weeks ago, and I have been gaining affinity every day. I speak Japanese fluently, both Jupiter and the Saturn dialect, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about Japanese history and their no-guns code, which I follow 100% When I get my Jupiter visa, I am moving to Neo Tokyo to attend a prestigious High School to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can become an animator for Studio Ghibli or a game designer! I own several warframes, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing Zephyr before I move to Japan, so I can fit in easier. I bow to my elders and seniors and speak Japanese as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond.
game-hours: 191.0
review: I.... My . It's swollen with blood. I cannot think very clearly. You will do one of two things : A) Play for 2-5 hours and think "eh... I don't get it", and stop. B) Press on when you have a feeling like you aren't getting anywhere. Than 100 hours will disappear like a dry fart that you overlook while in an intense game of Lag of Legends. I am B. B for ..? B for...balls... my testicles are so swollen from sitting for so many hours.. Ninjutsu Spaceru Help me, Senpai
game-hours: 15.2
review: Ok, Pros: Fast paced shooting mechanics, decent sword mechanics. Good mobility, customization not that good but workable. Teamwork, can still play solo however. And a stealth and free-run mechanic. Nvidia graphics and Physics! Cons: You will NEVER get into PvP becuase of "Your inventory ### doesn't meet the requirements." Unfair, if not almost cheating AI. Cash store always dangled in front of your face. When the game adds a new playable Warframe, it feels like "YOU MUST PAY." in order to play it. Feels unrewarding. Buggy beyond beleif, but that's because its an MMO. Near impossible to join a guild/clan. Notorius time waster. Lotus voice. Overall: I enjoyed this game for a few days, but between DRM, lack of commmunication with other players, and cash store ads. I reached my Pain; enjoyment thresh hold. It just seems like a time waster, and you never feel like you accomplish anything, unless you sink in $$$ of course. If you need to waste a few hours go ahead, but it just felt to as if there was no point to doing ALL of the same repeating missions OVER AND OVER again. It's up to you.
game-hours: 993.6
review: 10/10. Definetly.
game-hours: 300.4
review: This game is filled with ups and down but over all the gme is very good in all the aspects of the fight and firefights I verymuch enjoy this game and will being playing this game until my eyes bleed but i dont think i will let it get to that point althought i cant make any promises so if your thinking about playing/downloading this game do it is seriously Awesome and i recommend it to everyone i know!!
game-hours: 33.5
review: I would recommend this game to people who are used to the diablo style of grinding, as well as have a group of friends to play along with. This game can get very tiresome fast unless you form a clan or join one and do missions with your clan mates. Pvp is also not were it should be, it has a lot of balancing to do but has a ton of potential.
game-hours: 93.1
review: Damned fun game. Takes some time to get into, but it's great for a F2P.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Aliens N
game-hours: 87.9
review: Really good. Better than the average bear. YOU SHOULD PLAY IT
game-hours: 121.7
review: Set in the far reaches of outer space during a new Dark Age, WARFRAME introduces the Tenno, a race on the brink of extinction after being enslaved by the Grineer for centuries. Players enter WARFRAME on the cusp of the Grineer's victory over the Tenno until they begin to arm themselves with WARFRAMES - an ancient exo-skeletal technology only they can operate. Hidden within the Orokin Derelicts of a lost civilization, new WARFRAMES lie dormant and undiscovered. These artifacts are the Tenno's only hope for survival. With the lack of a Pay to Win system and easy engagement for new players, Warframe offers some quality time. As a free-to-play game, Warframe is a nice surprise that sets the base for a promising future. Warframe isn't anything special. It's not revolutionary, exceptional or timeless. Still - every time I returned to the game, it kept playing for at least an hour (without regret). Digital Extremes has made an enjoyable, engrossing, spectacular game. Especially, when you find yourself a team or - even better - invite some friends. If you need a new opportunity to slaughter aliens, you should try Warframe.
game-hours: 232.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 78.0
review: i really love warframe butthey need to add more wild on earth, hope that happends!!
game-hours: 18.0
review: this is one high graphiced game with a great story line love it
game-hours: 321.9
review: Great Game! Very good co-op if you wanted to play something with your friends. However the solo gameplay is just as good. Even though you can buy things in the game with real money it is not a pay to win game, as long as you play regularly you will be able to get the best gear just like everyone else. Highly recommend the game!
game-hours: 981.8
review: One really enjoyable game, especially with friends. Also you can play it for free without needing to buy anything! Also, space ninjas are cool.
game-hours: 351.2
review: If you got the time and effort. This game is fun and easy. Paying makes the game boring and short lasting appeal. I mean. Yeah, colors are cool to buy. But the items that you can buy for free? Not cool, bro. I find it funny this games "a beta" and if you have friends or strangers and the good guns. You can have some extreme fun, or just hangout in your clan dojo. Or shoot a random army down. And I played this game 2 months after "beta" release. So I know what I'm doing. This game is phenonmal. I can't imagine whats in the full version. Lost out.
game-hours: 2407.3
review: Ive been on this game for several months now and have found it addicting. There was recently a large update so there are some bugs. But as with any game bugs are part of the landscape. I wouldnt say any of the bugs that remain are a deal breaker with this game. The development team tries to fix bugs as they are reported. They prove that they love and care for the game and the community behind it. To me the graphics and soundscape are wonderful and easy to the eyes. I have gone from a computer that was the bare minimum to run this game to a full fledged beast that can run it all on high. On both ends of the spectrum this game is still gorgeous. No matter what the settings are that you need to run it on. Give it a try and have some patience and you will find a game you will fall in love with.
game-hours: 4.2
review: cool
game-hours: 843.9
review: recommended for third person view style lover nothing more to say to this awesomeness wish i played this 1 year earlier :(
game-hours: 19.2
review: This game is one of the first games I got when I got Steam. I LOVE this game. This is an amazing game. It's almost hard to believe it's free! LOVE IT!
game-hours: 19.5
review: Pros + Good Customisation. + Good Combat. + Sound Quality is excellent. Cons - No clear story, your just thrown into the battle with no real reason to kill the enemies apart from your told to and that they're shooting at you. - Repetetive Environments (Jungle, factory, maybe if your lucky..... a bright factory). - Odd Weapon unlock system. Overall i would reccomend this game for the combat and customisation alone however if you look for fun and story telling in a game then this isnt the game for you, the gore may give you some giggles for the first few times you make an enemies torso fly into space team rocket style but once you've seen one decapateted enemy sliced and diced like mince meat, youve seen them all.
game-hours: 236.5
review: all those of you who like hardcore coop shooters like warframe will be delighted with its content although its reliability of you spending real world money on a free game is kind of unfair
game-hours: 682.0
review: Warframe is great. Its lore is fantastic, the setting and artistic designs are excellent and its gameplay and re-playability are quite recommended. I easily found myself wanting to know more about the Tenno, the Lotus, the other factions, the Infestation viruses and mysteries within the solar system (Orokin and the Void, anyone?)... but the game explains very little outside the mini-solo Vors campaign. This game could have easily been my Game of the Year if it wasnt for so many issues regarding its game design. The most infuriating one being -> it's clearly a NOT PLAYER FRIENDLY game. - You're early forced to choose a single warframe and weapon composition at the very beginning of the game and commit to it whether you like it or not. - The Vor campaign feels like a mini tutorial. It's a fantastic way to explain the game mechanics and part of its lore, yet once it's finished, the game feels kinda empty plot wise and very little is explained. -Failing a mission will result into a TotalTimeWaste inc. - Playing stealthy is pointless. I found myself going sneaky bow, bo and kunai fighting when, to my surprise, the matchmaking kept throwing players at my game gun-blasting and speeding throughout levels, therefore ruining the solo experience I had enjoyed so far. - Soloing survival / capture / defense missions is a titanic task. Matchmaking is then mandatory. And it may result into god-like 1000+ grinded hours players or Hi, I just killed Vor and I barely know how to Warframe, bro players, so good luck! -Grinding for crafting materials throughout the solar system in a wide variety of missions is fun. Grinding a concrete annoying boss (Im talking about at you, Alad V and your pesky Zanuka) for a rare material that may or may not drop in order to craft an important part of the game such as Warframes Helmets is not. -80% of the mods you find are just salvage / vendor meat. -Map repetitiveness, predictable AI from the enemies and very little purpose on doing some missions makes you lose eagerness to login daily quite easily. -Learning curve is quite blur, and once you master the sprint + slide + melee attack drill, thats pretty much it, aside from Warframes powers. Dont get me wrong. Most of what Ive played from it is incredible for a F2Play game. Combat is fluid, build options are quite wide (2-handed, shotguns, spamming lightning Warframes, stealth, tanky-melee, etc.) and co-op features (clans and the like) will have you willing for more. STILL The game grabs you in, hooks you up for a while and tries to milk the platinum out of you. At some points, youll feel like playing Dark Souls 3000: some missions are plain *t to go through alone or no money invested. Again, having to wait 3 days for your new hard-earned Warframe to come out of the foundry or not being able to customize it with the colour you like (cosmetics aside) is not cool, yo!. I wouldve definitely paid 40+ bucks for a solid well put together single player campaign and a patchable online mode with 100% of the content reachable by crafting. But since the game offers the chance of not paying, I will continue to login every now and then and grind with no purpose at all (since the real cool stuff like Orokin reactors, Formas and its like are something out of the plebs' reach). At this point, and considering all of the above, Im quite certain to say that Free 2 Play model has screwed Warframe up. See you next patch, Tenno
game-hours: 345.1
review: This space ninja farming simulator has ruined my life. 10/10.
game-hours: 363.3
review: It's really worth it to play this
game-hours: 129.8
review: This game is really fun i recommend it to other people that haven't got this already, if you do get it you will enjoy it a lot.
game-hours: 204.5
review: An awesome futuristic game, based on the competing factions of the Tenno, Grineer, Corpus and the Infested. You can acheive new warframes and modify them to their full extent. Honestly a really fun game when you get good stuff. 7.5/10
game-hours: 432.5
review: I really recommend it!
game-hours: 33.4
review: Gangsta yo
game-hours: 1313.2
review: I am growing a BAT-DOG on my SPACE SHIP (Did I mention I am a space ninja?)
game-hours: 2498.8
review: Two words. Space ninjas. In all sincerity though, Warframe is an excellent title, it has great gameplay, smooth visuals, and works well even on somewhat older computers. Being a free to play game, you'd figure there would be "pay to win" items using micro-transactions. While micro-transactions do play a part in this game, it is entirely co-op, not competetive, so you aren't going to get wiped on the floor by someone because they shelled out some cash for goodies, because they will always be on YOUR team. And every equipable item in the marketplace that can be bought with premium cash can be crafted using blueprints, which you can buy in the marketplace for in-game credits. There are even some items only available through finding the blueprints for them in missions. All in all, Warframe is an amazing co-op experience, and while the game is technically still in beta and has a few bugs and glitches here and there, the developers are always on top of the situation, and regularly converse with members on the forums to weed them out. I would definitely reccomend a quick download of this game right away. After all, NINJAS PLAY FREE!!! :D
game-hours: 56.8
review: HOOKED. game play is crazy. pulls you in and keeps you there
game-hours: 15.0
review: ROBOT NINJA FLYING THROUGH THE SkY!
game-hours: 4.0
review: Really great game. It has large updates that are put out each month. It keeps getting better. Very polished gameplay. One of the best free to play games I've played. I would highly recommend experiencing it with your friends as it was meant to be played cooperatively and it's a far more fun than when played solo.
game-hours: 172.6
review: Amazing! Upgrade, Craft, and buy your way to victory! Addicting, really fun with bows and sword to slice and launch your enemies... Deffinately recommeded to everyone.
game-hours: 272.4
review: Do not start playing if you wish to have a life.
game-hours: 593.4
review: Lots of fun.....
game-hours: 383.8
review: the good except for in game purchases and how much the platium is
game-hours: 1.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 9.5
review: this game rocks
game-hours: 29.5
review: fantastic TPS
game-hours: 1739.5
review: I guess it's ok.
game-hours: 516.5
review: wow. such frames. very ninja. much graphics. rating: wow / 10 must play game
game-hours: 1139.9
review: This is the best game there is if you are looking for a good co op experience. 10/10 recommended .
game-hours: 812.9
review: EPIC !!!
game-hours: 388.3
review: gr8
game-hours: 25.5
review: I spend most of my time hitting random storage containers with a sword. Good way to waste time. 10/10
game-hours: 91.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 227.8
review: Cybernetic ninjas/events and constant updates...The developers are keeping this alive, and I am pretty damn happy about how far they have come with all the content that has been added to the game itself
game-hours: 74.0
review: Is gud
game-hours: 413.6
review: This game is just awesome. You can choose from just a few weapons when you start, but then you have the chance to craft your own weapons (and there are like, alot). The graphics are awesome too, about how it looks and how efficient they are. you can easily get +40 fps with a fairly old computer. The detail I personally like is that its not P2W (atleast not completely, if you get KIA, you can spend a revive, wich is bought from the market; OR you can be revived by a teammate in Coop). The only things I dont like about it are the unstability of the game servers and just a few bugs in the connection system and in the Steam launcher.
game-hours: 1216.9
review: One of the best-if not THE best-F2P games I've played. To get this out of the way, this game is NOT Pay 2 Win. In fact, the best gear is only obtained through playing; cannot be bought. Warframe strongly encourages working in a team, though that doesn't mean that you can't go solo (there's a whole option dedicated to that). And with a large list of weapons and Warframes to choose from, there'll always be something to do. The only bad thing I could say is that if you're looking for a story or indepth game, this is definitely not for you. The missions will get tedious for those that don't like killing things over and over again. Still, it is a very well developed game that delivers several hours of ninja fun.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Amazing game must get
game-hours: 339.5
review: This game is Great, plus its free. the game is fast paced and hard.
game-hours: 412.6
review: its a game you dont always have to play to advance in, but it has to build stuff like clash of clans, if you do play warframe (which you should) join my clan!
game-hours: 106.6
review: GOOD game , but craft is bad
game-hours: 1.7
review: A very good games. It has a lot of potential but it is ruied by a none fluid gameplay and of course a pay to win systeme 6/10
game-hours: 15.5
review: hey you have to try this game out pretty standard and easy plus online play is fun
game-hours: 9.2
review: Holy crap. This is as good as f2p gets. There are 3 basic weapon types, Melee, primary and secondary, each unique. I give this game a 10/10. I run a good 60 fps, and the graphics are outstanding for free to play.
game-hours: 5.4
review: Otimo game,perfeito
game-hours: 238.6
review: i reccomend to people who likes guns and weapons
game-hours: 563.0
review: this game is perfect to play with your friends and still fun to play with yourself or with others online. 100% free for all the needed parts but pay to get an advantage. try it out and you'll enjoy it.
game-hours: 52.3
review: I was pleasantly surprised with this one. It's a great pick-up-and-play game Since I do not have a lot of spare time, I love being able to grab a quick half-hour or fifteen minutes. Having played many player-vs-player games, I've found I do prefer co-op since it encourages unity rather then turning on each other. Warframe fits that goal perfectly, together everyone achieves more than alone even though the option to solo is there. The variety of warframes seems small at first, but I quickly learned there are dozens of types and I can see there being a lot of evolution over time as I play this game. Being able to fight my way through the planets of the Solar System is really fun, and you can always go back and replay old missions with better equipment. That can benefit beginners and veterans alike. A great thing about Warframe is being able to play it on my HP G56 Laptop which is not powerful and yet I turned down half the graphics to minimum. That was a mistake and it looked pretty awful, then I turned all the settings to minimum including resolution, turned off anti-aliasing and suddenly it looked a lot better. So the point is if you're going to turn down the graphics, turn all of them down. Once I did that the game was smooth, and I can play without any framerate drops and no detectable lag through wireless connection to a Sky Fiber modem in the UK. All in all, a great game that should not be underestimated, I can see there being 'FrameCon's! And people re-producing their frames in RL at conventions, that seems like fun to me. This game should also be made into a live-action movie! I can't wait to find out what happens next! Oh and the AI is pretty interesting! I found myself chuckling at their behaviour which was unexpected. Five stars!
game-hours: 134.4
review: Future space gunman ninja awesomeness!
game-hours: 505.0
review: This game is one of the best Fps co-opperation games i have played.From dense action to ninja like silence is the game filled with some bosses have a very unique design and a good back story and few information about their mechanism can turn the table. Weapons have their own unique mechanism stats and complex design that every weapons i worth a try and mastering the style of use is a key the battle ground.Neither good or evil the Tenno stands never alone against his foes the Warframe is the strongest weapon and deep story can hide behind the shell what is known is that they are hunting for us fellows Tennos so be on the look out.To not get hunted down by the Stalker.
game-hours: 0.4
review: This game is bad  and it's free. Give me a reason you don't want to play it.
game-hours: 21.2
review: GET FRAMED FOR WAR CRIMES IN THIS THRILLING THIRD PERSON SHOOTER
game-hours: 242.2
review: This is an awesome game. Has fast game play, and will keep you on your feet, especialy with all the work the developers are puting into it. It is still a game in progress though, so expect the bugs to be here and there. The UI has been a big issue. They been working on it a ton, to make it not only look better but run better as well. It does have that feeling of a pay to play sometimes, BUT you can get 95% of everything through grinding and playing. Money just get's it faster. Great multiplayer as well. Only complaint would be that some classes don't even have a slight apeal because thet are not balanced, or not worth the grind to get them. Otherwise this is a great game. If you like shooters and intence action with fun co-op this is the game for you! 9/10
game-hours: 982.9
review: this game is very boss.
game-hours: 249.0
review: fun third-person co op shooter with ninjas....IN SPACE
game-hours: 2501.3
review: Futuristic Alien Techno Ninjas. Need I say more?
game-hours: 5.7
review: One of the most stable and enjoyable Betas I've ever seen. Fast, frantic action, which is a beauty to watch and play, and will, without a doubt, make you feel like an absolute badass. It's accessable, making it easy to play, but still requiring some skill to pull off those really cool attacks and manuevers. A very nice balance, and hopefully the game will only improve.
game-hours: 330.6
review: I cannot recommend this game enough, it is the only game I have been willing to spend over 100$ on, I didn't need to spend any of that on anything besides the colors, the game is not pay to win at all, sure you can get a lot of gear just by paying for it, but that's just because you are allowed to trade blueprints with other players, so you can buy them from others (which you still need to build) and any weapon you buy in the store you can get with just a bit of effort without paying for it (weapons are around 300 plat), the gameplay is great, the new update made the new player experience amazing, and now you can get freaking puppies, PUPPIES!
game-hours: 2048.3
review: 1100+ Hours and still loving it. I will post an honest Review about this Game, Some people might not like the cons section, hey even i don't like it but this is true about this game and you can't or even i can't deny it. Pros: - Developer Interaction with community. - Hotfixes/Updates every Wednesday. - New content almost every month. - (Huge Pro) It's not a pay to win game, you can get every single warframe, weapon, sentinel and even that Prime without spending even a single Benjamin's or i can say those green Notes. (Exception is Customization or i can say those sparkly stuff to make your warframe, weapon or sentinel look nice). - This game rewards you for playing, what i mean is go on missions farm some mods, weapon or warframe parts and then sell them in trading post for in game premium currency. - This game has one of the best clan/dojo system i have ever seen. - Not to forget about future updates that'll include player ships, new tile sets, Hubs, Focus System and much more. - My final thought on pros section is that this game is highly Addicting and no pay to win bs, if something that effects gameplay like weapons, warframe, sentinels then you can get it for free. Cons: - Relies heavily on RNG, which can be a pain in the behind. (Devs know about this issue but still they don't do nothing, instead they use RNG more and more and recently they introduced it in events, yes i am talking about recent Breeding Grounds Event). - Sometimes devs have tendency to listen to new new players and implement changes that are not necessary and useless, (i mean who can give more clear and important feedback, a guy who just started playing and thinks everything in game is OP or the one who's been playing for 100's of hours). - If you don't like grinding for stuff then items that you purchase from market for premium currency (platinums) in this game are way too exepnsive. - Major issue this game has is RNG, My final point in Cons section is that, if you don't have problem with RNG and Grinding then this game is for you, and if you have problem with grinding and RNG then you'll end up buying stuff in market, which is expensive (i mean one weapon can cost you up to 250 platinums or about 15USD), Now it's up to you what and how you want new stuff in this game by grinding or by paying. Overall this game is highly addicting, stuff that effects gameplay is free and sparkly stuff will cost you money (Developers have to make money too right), RNG can be a pain in the behind but with the help of friends and clan mates this issue can be resolved. New stuff that developers have planned for future major updates is extremely awesome, Overall i HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME.
game-hours: 91.0
review: In Warframe you can butt-slide up stairs. 10/10
game-hours: 562.4
review: Burning players with the specific alert reward which everyone wanted ever since the beginning~ Will burn again! 10/10~
game-hours: 251.6
review: Pretty exciting and offers many ways to get even the strongest gear. While purchasing platinum is a MUCH faster way to obtain things, almost everything is obtainable without purchasing anything. The frustrating thing about this game is definitely the net code and the irritating amount of customization options that are totally locked unless you purchase them with platinum ( on that note freebies are given away at random holidays ie. christmas and valentine's day. )
game-hours: 327.7
review: You've always wanted to be a badass space ninja. Warframe puts you there. Controls are tight, progression is multifaceted, and there's always improvements being made. Graphically symphonic. It's free, what the frack are you waiting for?
game-hours: 908.3
review: This game is by far one of the best games i have played i dont normally care for shooter games i like racing games and open world games that pretty much have cars in them like NFS games and GTA granted GTA is considered shooter game but basically Warframe is most deffenitly an exception the graphics are great and the animations good and its also addictive AND it's free to play. Their is only one thing that seems to be a problem though and that is not only can you play with other people you can also play solo which is great BUT when your not connected to the internet and you want to play Warfame in solo you cant apparently you have to have the internet in order to play at all which is basically my only complaint but even at that i most deffenitly recommend this game
game-hours: 128.8
review: Epic game! amazing with friends and its one of the few free to plays that is not pay to win! you can do every weapon, frame and items without paying a penny! great for ppl that love sci-fi! be aware that the game is always in development but the devs are realy supporting ;D. i give it 9/10 gg pps
game-hours: 19.8
review: This game is absoulutly amazing! One of the best F2P game ever! Also great to play with friends, but it is even still a great game with strangers!
game-hours: 1753.5
review: The game is great overall but with just a few little problems... Its extremely repetative. Almost the exact same place everytime with just a slightly different objective. The weapon and character mods are really only what keep it interesting. Also once you run out of platinum you have to pay for more... If it wasn't such a fast paced shooter then I would have stopped playing within the first hour but once you start you just cant stop! So even with the cons I would say get it because it is a pretty decent free game and is great if your just a casual gamer looking for some fun fast paced gameplay.
game-hours: 160.1
review: The best game
game-hours: 137.8
review: One of my best F2P game.
game-hours: 1981.8
review: I would Recommend this game to anyone who likes Space ninjas,Swords,Guns,Earning stuff,or just straight up likes beating the holy living crap out of thousands of enemies,or wallrunning,jump attacks,Awesome Developers and Deserving game, My hours say everything
game-hours: 82.4
review: I liked it
game-hours: 5.7
review: Ninjas is Space...
game-hours: 616.5
review: "Incoming security force detected - it's the Grineer."
game-hours: 85.0
review: an amazing game.....the fact that its in 3rd person view, it makes it easier (for me at least) to see approaching enemies
game-hours: 1.8
review: .
game-hours: 75.7
review: Warframe is.... It's kinda..... You know, I honestly can't describe this game and it's uniqueness, or, atleast, what uniqueness it has, which is a LOT. All in all, this game has everything, it has tight controls, a variety of map structures, for example, if you played first mission once, it will be a different map set-up each and every time, with the exception of the objective room, that will always look the same, HOWEVER, the layout is always different. There's a large variety of weapons, and warframes. Warframes, the games name. Warframes are...odd, I honestly have no idea what they are, they could be robots, or, remotly controlled, or even a person in a suit, no one really seems to know. As for controls, you can do MANY different combat manuvers, here's a few of my favorites: Backflips. Wall run.(Up and side) Front flips. Flying kicks. AND SO MUCH MORE! Not to mention, this is the most well polished free to play game, with the best model of it, you can get everything for the paid currency, OR, you can craft it, for FREE. Simply put: I freakin' love this game to peices. 9.5/10 The crafting takes 12 hours on normal things(Weapons, components) and 3 DAYS on warframes.
game-hours: 774.5
review: This game impressed me so much that i nearly fell of my chair. the first time i saw warframe i thought to my self,how great can this game be. Then i played it,man did i injoy it <-------did?,what am I talking about I still love this game. The graphics is good (by that i mean insane)the gameplay is surprisingly awesome and it has a nice touch of team work. if you die your freind can still help you from getting back into that insane battelfeild. Of course you can play offline but thats.....how do i put this,cinda hard(yep allot).This game is very fun aswell from shocking a Corpus to cutting Greneer in half. This game is all about going mad (insane if thats what you whant to call it). So hack and slash your whay through warframe. Give it a try
game-hours: 80.2
review: The best free to play game EVER!!
game-hours: 682.2
review: This game has taken away my soul and all my emotions, leaving me a shell of the man I once was. 10/10
game-hours: 11.8
review: This is by far one of the best Free2PLay games I have ever played. My Windows computer isnt that great. I have to run almost lowest settings. The good thing is I get no lag! The graphics are amazing and the missions are great. The only bad thing is that Platinum(In Game Curremcy) is a little overprices for how much you could buy. Over all i would recommend this game to everyone!
game-hours: 399.6
review: TWO WORDS! SPACE! NINJAS! That is all
game-hours: 1056.7
review: By now I have hundreds of hours in Warframe and I can confidently say that it is a great game... If you don't mind grind. Oh My God the grind. It isn't "New Spiral Knights" level grind, but it is not uncommon to run missions for hours for a single rare mod that drops from one type of enemy. But the gameplay is pretty solid, the game looks great, and the devs are more than willing to listen to the community about things that need changing or fixing. Content is regularly being added and DE does its best to keep the community involved and in the loop (including letting the fans compete to design weapons). Overall, 8/10 because it just keeps pulling me back in.
game-hours: 191.9
review: I do recommend this game to anyone who doesn't have a crappy computer. It's free to play, so let's keep this in mind as we go along on this wonderful journey. Warframe, in my opinion, has beautiful graphics and scenery. It does lack in the story department just a tad. However, it makes up for it in it's fun style of game play, and etc.. etc. Overall if you spend more than 3+ hours on your computer... This is a game to get~ One thing I might mention though is the new player experience, be cautious... ^-^ Have fun Tenno~ (P.S. This is probably a crappy review seeing as how it is my first game review. It may also be extremely crappy because Im bored. ENJOY DECIPHERING IT!)
game-hours: 1547.5
review: Warframe the better game I have never seen before !!! Very good game, a delicious blend of the finest style of play last years. Awesome, beautiful, style, etc ... A word "Bravo !!!"
game-hours: 203.5
review: Remember life, now you dont.
game-hours: 175.2
review: its a great multi player free game with a choice of weapons quests pets and money i love the game because its fun to play with your mates and i recommend it
game-hours: 46.6
review: This game is cool, like a coop hack and slash sci-fi game + tps shooter, awesome.
game-hours: 3.3
review: I feel like this is a game I'm gonna be playing for a while... Pros: - NINJA SPACE SWORDS SHOTGUNS - Co-op elements - Awesome introduction - Multiple guns and a awesome arsenal - Also some RPG elements added Cons: - Kinda lags on lowest settings - I prefer first person - Some P2W elements, but at least they don't scream MONEY at you I recommend this game for the awesome shooting n stuff, and cool storyline.
game-hours: 65.9
review: ive been waiting for this and its here finally
game-hours: 2157.5
review: It absolutely ruined my life +10
game-hours: 213.6
review: :}
game-hours: 81.0
review: This is one of the best third person shooter I have ever played wwith good graphics and a nice soundtrack with energetic and fast pace gameplay makes the game very enjoyable and also the choice of stealth or aggressive gameplay and also the choice of support roles if you dont like to lead in games, the main problem with the game is that it is a freemium so you can play it for free and be just as good as premium players it just takes a lot more effort and grinding to obtain the really good items but for me personally I dont mind but I can tell some people dont like stuff like that.
game-hours: 83.7
review: its a good gam
game-hours: 841.6
review: One of the more addicting f2p's out there
game-hours: 1785.8
review: Halp, it ate what was left of my life :<
game-hours: 12.6
review: GOOD GAME THIS
game-hours: 842.0
review: Never heard of it? LOOK IT UP
game-hours: 10.3
review: This game is epic, with amazing gameplay, amazing graphics, and it is just really fun to go around as these alien ninjas.... 1 tip though... don't forget to use your special moves that you learn before anything else.... EPIC GAME
game-hours: 998.6
review: Listen, I've been playin this bad boy since the get go and I've watched it grow and prosper so mark my words: When this game releases it will be the best 3rd person shooter ever. Possible catch 22: This game has been in beta for 3 and a half years.
game-hours: 135.5
review: Its a rather addictive game, and I like playing with Kubrow genetics. Trying to get an interesting one :O
game-hours: 95.0
review: +I can play this free? Yeah. +I've spent about 40-50 bucks and I feel ready to play my way! -I'm grinding again, a few more dollars will get me what I want but my video game budget is down. (yeah, I love gaming and they love my $) +Metal Gear Rising with good controls and muti-player and.... -bare-boned story (gamers like to fill in the blanks, but common!!!!) +++I didn't buy this, but spent my money the way I wanted to. Gamers are skeptical about micro-transactions, but I never bought the game in the first place...so I think we all came ahead on WF. (let's hope the dev's keep that in mind and not milk our wallets!)
game-hours: 1346.0
review: My wife left me I haven't seen my kids in months I'm now unemployed But I don't regret letting myself get sucked into warframe. <3
game-hours: 364.0
review: This game is nice if you have a lot of free time on your hands and this is not a pay to win game. Everything can be made if you have time to do so.
game-hours: 63.6
review: Fun and fast gameplay with interesting features. Would recommend to play it with friend, or it can get a bit boring after some time. Also a bit grindy , but in all I'd recommend it.
game-hours: 271.4
review: Great game!
game-hours: 13.3
review: how
game-hours: 537.9
review: Think of Castlevania HD on the xbox. It's the type of game that you would not enjoy if you are playing it solo. However, add a couple of friends in the mix, and you got yourself a rootin' tootin' time. The game lacks a true story mode or a single player experiance, but makes up for it in the sheer amount of content. Various types of mission have you and your friends going through shooting baddies and collecting material to build your next mass murdering machine. The game even has boss battles that put your Warframes and gear to the limit. Although the game Free to play (F2P), most content can be obtained with a little effort on your part. You can even go as far as selling that hard to find mod (modification cards to increase the stats of warframes or weapons) or insanely difficult blueprint (used to craft new material) and obtain money from a willing buyer in the community that can be used to obtain weapon slots to add more weapons to your arsenal or buy some cosmetic items to make your warframe a fashionable kililng machine. There's nothing to lose when playing this game, so it won't hurt to give it a try. Like said before, this game would be geared towards someone who is looking for that new multiplayer experiance with friends.
game-hours: 38.7
review: yo,frames
game-hours: 530.9
review: I have put near 500 hours in to this if that says any thing about it, a masterful game with strong game play and with a high skill cap, plenty of gear and levels to play war frame is best played with buddys, and id recommend dropping five or ten bucks on it and forgetting the Free to play. You can earn any thing in the game by playing, events offer any thing from new guns to cosmetic items but buy plat will make getting started a lot more easy, the only draw back to Warframe is the truly insane crafting times to build new Frames a and clan gear, but that is vastly out matched by it's meany other achievements. At it's base Warframe was made by People (And Scott) who love ninjas and space and robots and zombies and pirates, and made the perfect combination hack and slash and shot and space magic with rouge-like elements and rpg to bring you Warframe a game about having fun!
game-hours: 3.7
review: An Awesome Game
game-hours: 75.4
review: So much to to in a free to play game is amazing!! 10/10
game-hours: 591.1
review: space ninjas. with magic space swords/hammers/scythes/... cutting nazi zombi cyborgs in half/quarters/... best thing ever.
game-hours: 2046.7
review: The most expensive free to play game I've owned
game-hours: 199.4
review: This is a pretty great game, as long as you don't mind alot of waiting and grinding. Its updated pretty frequently with new content which is pretty great. Its a good game but you have to be willing to invest some time into it in order to get any good.
game-hours: 106.8
review: great game, fun to play, overall one of my personal favourites
game-hours: 7.6
review: This game is like a combination of Star Wars, Star Trek, Halo, Mass Effect and EVERYTHING THAT IS SCI-FI AND AWESOME all in one, while still having a wide arrange of originality. It's an amazing game! The graphics are stunning, the gameplay is fluid and original, the customization is infinite, and best of all, IT'S FREE! GET THIS GAME! 10,000/10
game-hours: 109.2
review: Why havent I picked this game up earlier??
game-hours: 592.9
review: One of the most correct F2P shooter. Every one have to try it!
game-hours: 16.1
review: Sci-fi online shooter/slasher, oriented on cooperative gameplay. Missions with varied difficulty, assasination/espionage missions, various abilities to improve your character and weaponry (as well as levelling system for both your character and each weapon you use). Free-to-play, though you gonna pay some real money for some classy weaponry and characters, though it's totally okay to level up your starter set of weapons and your first character to a state of a kickass killing machine without no money spent at all! Not to mention crafting system - do missions on specified regions, collect resourses and make these weaponry and chars by yourself for free (and in-game funds). Good luck, have fun!
game-hours: 276.5
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 585.8
review: good game & great game developers. I've play this game since there's nothing fishy. and while I played this game for the main game, I see lots of updates! game dev team are so great, more of bugs fixed, many thing updates not only the weapons.
game-hours: 27.8
review: such a good game recomend this to everyone. its just such a good game!!!!!!
game-hours: 109.3
review: awsome game all i found was my firewall had blocked it so it wouldnt work
game-hours: 211.5
review: its fun to play
game-hours: 374.9
review: Out of all the games that i have played (probably about 208)this one is my most favourite
game-hours: 1246.6
review: it's ok
game-hours: 3.9
review: I think Warframe is a pretty cool guy. He fights aliens and doesnt afraid of anything
game-hours: 102.3
review: Space ninjas...
game-hours: 2101.8
review: Immerse into a future where strenght make the rules and power beyond your imagination can be acquired. Weapons,Skills,Ninjas,Robots in a combination to a masterpiece called Warframe
game-hours: 10.6
review: boobs, big boobs!
game-hours: 794.2
review: DAMN NEW SHIPS! NEW STUFF! NEW PLAYSTYLE! If you love crazy motherf**** space ninjas,Well this is your game! There's even new graphichs and better brightness,quests,SENTINAL HUNTERS,DOGS! Play this game! Its free and awesome.
game-hours: 569.0
review: Are you a space ninja? Do you want te be a space ninja? Have you ever had a weird fantasy involving space, ninjas and maybe a couple of digestive biscuits? If so, look no further than Halo Rea.. I mean Warframe. With advanced sliding phisics, over 2 melee weapons and hundreds of bullets at your disposal, this game is really a revolution in dungeon crawling. I would highly recommend this game, to all players of literally any type of game, because if you dont like space ninjas, you probably dont like life.
game-hours: 989.7
review: yes this game is a really example of what can be done with time and dedictaion to your craft, this game is great for its co-op and single player aspects and the fact that its free is amazing if you compare this to some like payday 2 were you have to pay for it and it makes payday look like it was made by a 10 year old
game-hours: 1751.4
review: I like suited things with nice asses, so it's a good game.
game-hours: 1021.1
review: Really fun with a group of friends on voice coms, the co-op is great and synergistic between personal choices once you reach more advanced levels of play.
game-hours: 432.5
review: Free, addictive, ecxelent co-op, and it even has options for rvery play style. 110% reccomended.
game-hours: 297.9
review: VERY F****** GREAT GAME!!!!!
game-hours: 521.5
review: this game is unique there isnt any other game like this. if you dont beilive your welcome try to find another game like this.good luck, but even that wont help you
game-hours: 3.8
review: It's good.
game-hours: 97.3
review: riot cuz' it's gud
game-hours: 75.8
review: This game is One of the best games I have ever played!
game-hours: 33.7
review: nice!
game-hours: 111.5
review: This Games Worth a shot.
game-hours: 205.0
review: Solid game and really fun. The only problem I have with this game is that it keeps crashing on me which gets frustrating but never the less it's still really fun ^-^
game-hours: 2866.4
review: Play this game
game-hours: 2078.5
review: Space. Cyborg. Ninjas. This game is so awesome in so many ways, you would be wasting time even reading this. Just play it!
game-hours: 1055.5
review: So far, this is the best game I've ever played.
game-hours: 5.5
review: Best Shooter Game Ever!
game-hours: 22.1
review: All best++++
game-hours: 19.2
review: Very fun with friends
game-hours: 70.7
review: This game is an amazing game. I honestly cant believe its free. The potential this game has is absolutely astonishing. yes there are some issues with it. i cant play with my friend from romania and it gives me this UDP port error message that i have no idea how to fix, but all that aside i still very much enjoy this game and wish i could help in its development.
game-hours: 221.6
review: Space. Ninjas. Nuff said.
game-hours: 862.4
review: This game is a great oppertunity to burn a few hours and have tons of fun doing it. For a game in beta it is fantasticlly built, they have a great community and is in a very fast paced setting. AND ITS FREE TO PLAY! When the developers release an update they pack so full of fixes and additions to the game youd think that they were adding a mod. (But then again a update is basiclly a mod) I enjoy playing this game for two main reasons: 1. the fact that it is very fast paced and requires lots of thinking in the now, because the AI is very sophisticted and reactes accordingly but could get some improvements. 2. the amount of fun that i have just grinding away to get a cool item. I personally spent 40+ hours grinding away to get two really cool items in the game and i really enjoyed grinding that. When i dont know what to do in the game I go and play with my freind the first few missions. Im now going to write about some minor issues in the game :D When i played the tutorial it was preety laggy the first time, so you might want to take that time and change settings Ive only chrashed twice for no appernt issues but on review of those logs my PC stopped two important files from working. But i recommend this game greatlly and i can't wait to see where this game goes.
game-hours: 515.0
review: One of my top games at the moment. It is currently in open beta (it has been in open beta for a while). Pros: -There are very few bugs I have noticed -A massive variety of classes, weapons, and sentinals (basically pets that attack) -Accompanies many play styles -Many ways to travel around, freerun, stealth, charge, what ever you like -A insane amount of mods!!!! Cons: -You can only have 2 warframe slots (a warframe is basically your class) unless you pay more -Also a limited number of weapon slots -Annoying to play without using any money on the game -Other than the in game lore tab you can read there is no story running hand in hand with the game.
game-hours: 53.5
review: isokebatstilgei
game-hours: 388.3
review: Bloody addictive and fun co op game to play with friends. I just can't stop trying to unlock all the warframes I can and max out all my guns. But honestly the game is repetitive and there isn't really a story. However I like this game.
game-hours: 553.6
review: fun coop, i grew kind of addicted to it, but it still have to get a lot better, for now it's just to easy and too quick for to reach then endgame , and most the obstacles to it are kind of anoyng, still its fun to rush trogh the enemy hordes, to be a silent parkour swordplay space age ninja, or get pirate mode and to blow out everything with a rocket laucher, or do both!
game-hours: 35.7
review: So cool game!
game-hours: 528.3
review: amazing!! barley any lag and great graphics to match the fantatic gameplay
game-hours: 2.5
review: I think this game is good.
game-hours: 116.8
review: its just epic!
game-hours: 365.4
review: Pure awesomeness, this is the most enjoyable game I've played because I always come back to it. I think it has to be the most beautiful freetoplay game at the moment and it probably will stll be so for a while...
game-hours: 227.6
review: Let me start off by saying this game is addicting!!!! It is not only an exemplary example of a third person action/shooter but of a game utilizing a F2P model!!! Digital Extremes has done a wonderful job, ensuring balance across the board, whether it's between the credits/platinum or between the weapons and Warframes themselves. In addition, they have written a narrative, that is dare I say it relatively fresh and original, while simultaneously tying in Dark Sector, for which this game is a spiritual successor to. I am genuinely excited to see where Warframe's story and Digital Extremes shall take fans of this game next!!!
game-hours: 1301.1
review: Your a Ninja and you do Space Stuff.
game-hours: 37.0
review: Great graphics, awesome gameplay. A very enjoyable game which is easy to play.
game-hours: 305.4
review: Mass Effect Gameplay with more creation and less plot based aspects
game-hours: 417.4
review: aswesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 2.3
review: its a pretty gud game
game-hours: 478.9
review: Warframe is a free to play 3rd person shooter and basicly u play as a ninja in the future, so you are a tenno and the tenno are specail because they can use the specail suits called warfames and every warframe is diffrent so it's good to try a couple to see which maches your play style, and as you play your warframe and wepons gain xp and level up and this is where a important mechanic of the game comes in becase when a wepon or warframe levels up you get a point for your mods and some mods cost more than others baseline so go level some more to make yourself and yor wepons stronger because YOU shape YOUR tools in this game!! then you can fuse mods and the selected mod will get better BUT will cost more points, so you have to find a balance between survival and damage stamina or energy (energy is used for your warframes ablilitys) so YOU shape YOUR tools and i find this mechanic fun and entertaining in games (btw you can PARKOR you know wallruns valting and other ninja things :D)
game-hours: 770.1
review: Best free game ever made
game-hours: 67.4
review: recommended for: group players. grinders. stealthers. i paid into this game very early on and i was glad to see it find its way to steam. the exciting dynamic of this game is, imo, its main draw. it is exciting and fun to play this game. the number of tactical variances is staggering. aside from the brute force approach, in my experience, most maps can be stealthed (by that i mean goals approached w/ minimal enemy threat drawn). incremental advance seems the most useful but YMMV. a good group of tennos can go very far and i think this a good weekly game for clans/friends/groups. if not daily. also i like the item affinity progression. this game meets my requirements for a viable free-to-play game.
game-hours: 575.4
review: Amazing game! After hard working and spending hours the game is really cool and fun! I recommend for all people who has patience and love space ninjas :D!
game-hours: 555.7
review: Great game with a friendly community
game-hours: 79.6
review: Quite the grindfest, but still enjoyable nonetheless. Has a lot of different abilities and items to collect and level, making customization another strong part of the game. The game can be played without spending any money. However, the largest roadblock is the limited number of slots for storing weapons and warfarmes (classes). One needs to spend real money to unlock these slots. However, the slots are reasonably priced, and I am happy to support the developer. The game is continually changing and having new content added. It is still in "beta", so we don't know if the developer will put forth the same effort once the game is released. Overall, I've had a lot of fun with Warframe, even though it does get repetitive.
game-hours: 32.2
review: So epic game ever i play !!! :D
game-hours: 66.0
review: is awsome but beware the bright lights of explosions and death
game-hours: 159.1
review: gik
game-hours: 79.2
review: Alongside of being addicting and fast paced (alongside of a stealth aspect being possible), the game introduces a challenging and in-depth grinding system that makes it a non pay-to-win game. Essentially a third-person Destiny, only free. No complaints here.
game-hours: 411.0
review: A fun game, especially with friends. It's a bit boring at first since you have little gear, but once you start leveling and collecting more, it becomes hard to stop. The game picks up at higher levels where enemies are more difficult. Overall a good game, definitely worth playing.
game-hours: 1088.4
review: 2 years of non-stop love for warframe, ive been here since closed beta and have no plan on leaving unless PWE ruins it like they do to everything they touch, i dislike you perfect world, no one likes cash cows
game-hours: 1612.0
review: Been playing since Closed Beta Testing. Strongly recommend playing this! The multiple "Warframes" and weapons give the game unlimited replayability, whether you use the micro transactions or earn your suits through the Foundry crafting system! Customizing the weapons and suits, both with different colors as well as modifications to skills and stats, allow every player to have an experience unlike any others!
game-hours: 401.4
review: Somewhere between Halo and Assasin's Creed, and it's free! You should play it.
game-hours: 556.3
review: Pros:+Alot of customization for your weapons and chraracter +Good Graphics +Constant updates +Free to play(obviously) +Great control Cons:-Microtransactions are a little overpriced -Repetitive gameplay -Bugs(obviously) -Terrible connection in co-op Overall: 6.1/10 It's an action-packed third person shooter with hack and slash mechanics.Even tho it is still in beta,it has some variety in it.Although I had some problems with bugs,it's still a fun game and with constant updates and patches.
game-hours: 7419.3
review: Play as Ninja's for free? Amazing Graphics? Amazing Gameplay? Go get it. Doge.
game-hours: 815.9
review: Love this game. Play it.
game-hours: 4.5
review: This game is so fun. If you enjoyed the Mass Effect franchise, do give this a go. Plus, the art direction and graphics are beautiful.
game-hours: 263.1
review: This game is amazing, great graphics, but a little laggy.
game-hours: 203.8
review: Great 3rd person shooter/fighter game with great CO-OP potential for up to 4 friends. Good and incredibly friendly community both in-game and through support forums, this is by far one of my preferred games to play, when I don't want to feel the need to catch up to anyone or anything! Plus.. Space ninjas.. who doesn't friggin' love space ninjas?! 8.5/10!
game-hours: 30.4
review: EPIC GAME AND GO AWAY DURAN
game-hours: 2.1
review: Feels and plays good!
game-hours: 89.7
review: I love it because I get to know what it looks like if I'm an alien. :D
game-hours: 120.3
review: power armor...spells...killing stuff...what not to like?
game-hours: 72.0
review: This is a very good game to play if you love action; and adds to the plate with a unqiue diveristy to other games.
game-hours: 497.9
review: Try it.. It's awesome ;)
game-hours: 172.5
review: So I played Warframe a lot during the Beta. Maybe a little to much to where I out did my self on the game and then it just got boring. It started to get boring though when Shotguns came into play and anyone who had one could whipe the floor of any mission. Later on I come back and see they changed EVERYTHING. While some is nice I hate most all of the changes made. Not to mention the gameplay is still Boring however All Co op style games are boring and are even more so if one person is able to do all of the work for you. kinda like Boarderlands 2 its dull as hell. I havent yet beat it because after the first 30 mins its just straight up boring to me. Warframe is Fun playing it alone though as a single player or sometimes with one other person if they do not have something Overpowered. I got this one guy in my clan into the game...he is addicted. He has over 3K almost 4K hours into it.
game-hours: 215.4
review: best ftp game of all time
game-hours: 10.0
review: Quite awesome.
game-hours: 4.0
review: global agenda, new wersion
game-hours: 820.2
review: I like it! pretty cool !!! Worth a try if you have not given it one!
game-hours: 447.6
review: With good visuals and good combat mechanics, this game shifts the player interest rather quickly from the grinding for leveling up and grinding loot, to spend more time creating new weapons and armors in the furnace or customizing the dojo, a spaceship every clan can create and personalize in order to exchange mod cards, train together and develop new weapons and tactical gear. The RPG-like character and gear customization side of the game is what keeps the player to look into the mechanics for some time, looking for the best mods to upgrade the armor and weapons efficiency with loadouts for specific enemies or jack-of-all-trades combinations of effects. With every update the variety of environments seems to increase, partially making it up for the lack of variety in the mission types available and the lack of cinematic events happening during the missions. One of the most important things this game still really lacks is a more involving storyline, and even though some special events added new characters and new story details from time to time it's still not enough. It also does have a PVP component that adds variety, but it still needs to be balanced better since higher level players can easily own lower level ones in a matter of seconds making it less about fighting skills and more about crafting and choosing accurately the best gear available. Even if it still sounds good in theory it can also end up in unfair fights unless the two sides decide the gear to use beforehand. Warframe is a very nice free to play game to try and play casually, the grinding for specific loot can give some hours of mindless fun with big explosions, fast nicely coreographed action and a good feel for the weapons and powers, it's not that heavy in terms of HDD space since the levels are assembled randomly by the game engine every time, and in time eventually the developers will be able to add that extra depth and balance for story and gameplay so that it will become a game players will be able to invest more time into, without getting bored by its repetitiveness.
game-hours: 91.8
review: Warframe is perfect if you are the type of person that enjoys team cooperation. You may not like it if you don't like having to work for your equipment and things like that. For a Free 2 Play game Warframe is amazing. Therefore I would give it a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 1808.5
review: Space Ninjas. What more needs to be said?
game-hours: 2.7
review: Free? FREE? What is this communist garbage. I didn't fight the Vietcong in Tunisia back in 86, only to see all this "Free" junk poppin up. Last thing I got for free was some shrapnel in my  after charlie tossed a grenade in my hooch. I didn't abandon my kids only for this game to remind me of the amount of money I've invested in their futures. I have half a mind to send a letter to the president, detailing such egregious transgressions. Let Ol' President Obama know about this little terrorism you've got going on. I'm no scientist, but you should expect drone strikes. Signed, A Concerned Patriot.
game-hours: 4259.9
review: Za Best
game-hours: 29.5
review: Great for people who love Sci-Fi MMOs, and great for people who enjoy third-person shooters.
game-hours: 1402.0
review: Really awesome game! Try it! U'll never regret.
game-hours: 7.5
review: Space Ninjas. Enough said.
game-hours: 7.7
review: It's like star wars but with with no clones.
game-hours: 517.3
review: Definitely a great game you should try out. Even if you dont like shooters it's still worth a spin since it is free.
game-hours: 130.0
review: Most epic 3rd person shooter i have ever played
game-hours: 385.9
review: Sem duvida um jogo muito completo, cheio de missoes e possibilidades diferentes, no  pay to win, todas as armas podem ser feitas mesmo sem platinas ( cash). Logicamente que fica mais facil ter acesso as armas com platinas, mas isso n atrapalha o gameplay! Vale mto a pena!
game-hours: 912.5
review: It's a grind, but fun enough I don't mind. The currency system is outlandish, but you can build or earn most weapons and equipment without buying them. Though, it may take you years to do so.
game-hours: 229.7
review: Awesome game !!!
game-hours: 0.6
review: Yeah it's an well-made game...definitely recommeded if you have a good pc
game-hours: 2570.4
review: I really like it!
game-hours: 425.1
review: Many gamers have "THAT" game. The game that you will spend hours on, farming for one item. The game that you would willingly spend more time than sleeping on. For me, that game is Warframe. I origianally started Warframe as a skeptic. The name is somewhat vague, and the gameplay looked fairly ordinary. However, the pathetically high number of hours I have logged are evidence of why I'm glad I stuck with it. Warframe calls itself a Beta so they can get away with major changes to the game that a full game wouldn't. That being said, I haven't seen an update I disagreed with. Not even the almost complete rewrite of the damage system. It was a wierd adjustment but I feel it works better now. If you want a game that is a full polished product then you should skip over Warframe The name itself is a little strange, that is until, you get into the game when it is explained. A "Warframe" is the armor that you, a Tenno wear into battle. Each Warframe is equipped with unique and powerful abilities. These abilities include; a time shattering stomp, invisibility, setting the world on fire and sooo much more. On top of these insane powers, you bring weapons into battle as well. A primary weapon, which can be a rifle, shotgun, sniper, laser cannon, or even a bow and arrow! Your secondary can be a pistol, dual or single wield, a hand crossbow, throwing knives, and there's even an exploding gel gun for chrissakes! The melee weapons get just as fun. There are of course swords and daggers, but you can also wield an energy whip, dual hand axes or a freakin hammer! There is very little PvP in Warframe, it's really just for settling Big  Contests and for friends to test their new gear. The game is entirely based around PvE. Whether you're slaughtering an endless horde or trying to take out one specific VIP, there's always something to shoot, smash and generally  up. If you've read this far...thank you. But despite my praise there are a couple cons to this game as well. The game can be hard to start for one thing. The beginner weapons are beyond noobish, and if you pick the experienced Warframe as your starter and don't like him.....leveling up will be a complete pain in the . Adjusting to third person can also be a problem for some players.....it was for me. Another problem I do have though, is with the grinding. There is a lot. Sometimes you need one material to make the last piece for your new Warframe and you just can't get it. This can get demoralizing, but just take a break. Play something else for a day or two and come back fresh. Also, tramwork is sometimes in short supply. Many players are just grinding for materials or trying to finish off a planet. Because of this you rarely find anyone who will run with you. This is less of a problem it could be thanks to independant looting. If a rare mod is dropped, it's there for everyone, and most players will run back to revive you, should you down. If you want to talk though....you had better have some friends. All in all Warframe is a great game that never really gets old. The Devs keep in regular contact with the gaming community to fin the problems and fix them. As well as cranking out new updates with weapons, and events on a regular basis..I honestly think DE could charge people to play Warframe. You won't regret downloading this gem.
game-hours: 1236.0
review: Fun little action-shooty-time waster with gorgeous graphics and awesome animation. Entirely Free to Play, though with the quality of what the game offers I never felt ripped off buying slots for the killer badass weapons I was able to acquire. Quite entertaining and worth the price of admission.
game-hours: 88.0
review: Initially looked at warframe because I had nothing really to do until Dark Souls II released. Though after playing for a while I found that the game is very enjoyable albeit micro transactions if you want extreme customization (i.e skins more color options or heads) The game does start you off with 50 or so platinum which is enough to buy an acessory or color set which is cool. There are very few things you can't get unless you pay for, you CAN pay to unlock weapons without needing to grind for parts which is good in all some weapons might require you to be a certain rank to be able to even buy the blueprint for (in game currency of course) or alternativly you can buy them with Irl cash. Getting new characters can sometimes be taxing but in the long run it's worth the time it taxes to construct the new character ( 12 hours for each of the 3 pieces then 72 for the actual character). Daily rewards are very nice as well you can get anything from 50% of your next platinum purchase to weapon blueprints or even exp/affinity/credit boosters. All in all Warframe is a very fun game to play.....crap now that I think about it I didn't even mention the gameplay O.o
game-hours: 90.7
review: This game is what people always dreamed of becoming, a friggen space ninja. Warframe is interesting right from the get-go, it gives you full customization of your character, weapons, accessories, sentinal companion, colors and badges. While the game sort of centers highly around useing real money to buy things instantly, you can also just play the game and get everything for free the hard way. Which if your able to I would reccommend, buying the in game money is fairly expensive. There are many characters to play as, that are all fairly unique playstyle wise and even more so look wise, personally I went with Nekros, being a space Grim Reaper was too good to pass up. :3 While Warframe does glitch from time to time, generally it's not a game wrecking thing, a lot of the time the glitches are actually kinda neat or funny, and the gameplay is really enjoyable. Ranged weaponry is very diverse and melee weapons are neat and a complete neccessity at the same time. From the very beginning your able to run up and along walls, do flips and rolls, utterly destroy enemies and even lose. Teamwork is a big thing in this game and you'll find that beating a mission on solo isn't so easy, you gotta be sneaky, because conserveing your health and being spareing with your equiptment is important. Four people to a mission, and the people are able to support, and revive their team members, while many of the different characters powers help your group as a whole in firefights. There was a update to the game adding Dojo's and clans, meaning you get a normal MMORPG thing here. However interestingly enough, you help create the Dojo, you wonder around your Dojo, and you interact with your Dojo, you wind up feeling connected to the game. In it's entirety, yes I would reccommend this game, it's free and if your able to, you can get everything in the game for free, but if you do wish to buy the points, make sure you think about how much your spending, you could buy a couple games for the amount it charges you sometimes. Hope this helps someone. V^w^V Space Grim Ninja Reaper VOwOV
game-hours: 24.6
review: ==**NEGATIVES**== =While V-Sync is enabled, there are some SERIOUS lag issues. =The first few levels are easy, but I have no idea why but after those BEGINNER LEVELS, I started getting wrecked every 5 seconds, the game gets so obnoxiously difficult! WHAT THE HECK. (I play solo only) =The "Upgrade" system doesn't come across as good, to me. Kind of boring. =For a PC game, it has a lot of weird controls. It makes me feel like im playing Mortal Kombat, I HATE MORTAL KOMBAT. =Theres really NO direction at all in the game. I feel like I'm playing CoD, get thrown into a bunch of enemies and kill them, and win. (Although CoD does have a tiny bit of story and direction) ==**POSITIVES**== =While V-Sync is off I play on max settings and it plays, looks, and feels like a great game. =The melee weapons are nice, and it feels nice to hack and slash at enemies in a game full of guns and robots (YES, TO ALL YOU GAME DEVS OUT THERE, THERE ARE SUCH THINGS AS MELEE WEAPONS IN FUTURISTIC GAMES), although they're kind of weak.. =It has Multiplayer AND Solo. (I hate Multiplayer-only games...) =There are TONS of playstyles (Warframes) to pick from, which makes it hard to say "I hate this game because I can't play how I want". =Unlike other futuristic games out there, this game DOESN'T TRY TOO HARD. I really hate it when developers take a futuristic game and make it TOO futuristic and just ruin the game. =IT'S FREE. For a free game you'd think "Oh, theres no reason for the Devs to make a good game because they're not selling it, they're just giving it away." That's the exact opposite. I, personally, think this game should be sold on Steam for just as much as those mainstream $60 games. It has tons of content, seemingly endless gameplay, and it has tremendous replay value.
game-hours: 1.5
review: amazing graphics and controls. easy to understand and friendly environment. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 18.4
review: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH NINJAS IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE SO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
game-hours: 111.1
review: Great game but later the cool weapons arent good and you just grind a lot
game-hours: 770.2
review: Basically? You run around as an epic wall-running gun-toting space ninja, defeating hoards of enemies and collecting new and awesome gear along the way. It is a good F2P model, where you can get almost anything without paying (with the exception of some cosmetics). Definately an overall great game, pick it up.
game-hours: 714.2
review: I am disappointed that this game is so underrated, I mean what can be more awesome than robots, zombies and ninjas in SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!
game-hours: 9.7
review: Funny
game-hours: 1597.3
review: This $hit is Awesome..
game-hours: 254.8
review: Fun game to play with your friends.It has elements of 3rd person shooter combined with RPG.It has a big variety of weapons that will make you wanna level them all up,and a fair number of warframes that you can build and each of them has different abilities that are very interesting and unique.I would recommend you to try it out,i guarantee a lot of fun.
game-hours: 14.4
review: ,       ,    !!!
game-hours: 805.1
review: Farming in space
game-hours: 453.9
review: Awesome game. I definitely recommend downloading it.
game-hours: 5976.5
review: I decided to give the Warframe free-to-play a shot way back in September of 2013. Its Mighty Morphin Tenno Rangers promo vids on Steam were horribly uninteresting so I was resistant to give it a try when it first came out (watch the newer vids on the Youtubes instead). The cheesy "Ninjas Play Free" motto on the promos also threw me off. However, the fast-paced, third-person shooter & melee, high-tech space ninja, gameplay and creative design are both solid and entertaining. I am thoroughly hooked and addicted now. I've played quite a few free-to-play titles, and so far, Digital Extremes is my favorite f2p design team, with constant updates (weekly, plus hotfixes) and the right mix of Canadian humor & sarcasm thrown in to their interactions. Their customer support is also top notch (although limited to weekday business hours rather than 24/7). People complain about grind, but I am used to Korean and Japanese MMO grind, so the grind is near non-existant here for me, comparatively. You'll usually get the drops you are looking for after a few runs, especially as DE continually tweaks and finetunes the drop tables. The procedurally generated levels & spawns keep things fresh, too. Hardware: Nvidia card recommended. It'll run well on GTX 400 series or better. I run it on a GTX 680 on max settings. There are issues with AMD cards. You'll need to fiddle with the settings in the launcher and elsewhere to get an AMD card from crashing your game. The same goes for trying to play on older laptops. Speaking of settings, turn off Motion Blur from the game settings. Do this now. Warframe Motion Blur is not traditional gaming Motion Blur but "destroy all retinas" Motion Blur, especially when you get some scrub Volt PUG spamming its Speed ability back to back like it is its only power or something and making your screen unplayable. You will more than likely need to forward ports on your router to play with others, especially if your router is a few years old. You can select which ports are used in game and go from there. I used to get connection errors from time to time (even with in-game UPnP switched off) until I got a new router with better UDP protocols. Now I have no issues. Getting Started: Steam has some excellent Beginners Guides. I also found the Resource Farming Guide invaluable when I was leveling. I also recommend having the Warframe Wiki bookmarked as well. Good hunting, Tenno!
game-hours: 15.8
review: Warframe is a sci-fi based third-person shooter. It is a very fun game with replayable stealthy or action played levels. Co-op mode is very fun and interactive apart from the fact people steal my kills >.<. Other than that i like how i can change my armor, customize my weapons, and use different colors on my character and my trusty blade. Me, personally i like to play it stealthy on all missions, but if you're not that type, that's your way of playing :) Overall, i love this game with its parkour aspects where as i can run across walls to get to the other side of a pit of lava or acid and i can climd up on a box to straddle over a railing to find myself six feet from an enemy. Very fun and lots of cool features i highly reccomend it to shooter fans. :)
game-hours: 769.0
review: This game is quite awesome for being a free-to-play title. Fast-paced action, a leveling/modification system with depth, and space-alien-ninjas. What else could you want?
game-hours: 281.7
review: it is awesome please play
game-hours: 112.0
review: FTP nice looking decent game :D meele 2.0 ^_^ Ninjas Play Free :P
game-hours: 6.5
review: Its A nice Game with Sword And Guns Combination
game-hours: 213.8
review: Oh..you're about to get that Loki Prime Systems BP after wave 20? *the host has lost connection* Oh look, a BO Prime Handle! *the host has lost connection* Look! Your friends are on, and want to do some TIV Exterminate! *session failed* Trying to squad up to catch that event before it ends? *squads up with 5-6 people* Aw, it looks like you missed it..You have too many people in your squad, silly. If you're going to play Warframe, don't play it through Steam.
game-hours: 27.2
review: The game is riddled with what seems to be an endless and tiresome grind that can only be alleviated by purchasing shortcuts through overpriced micro-transactions. However, if you can ignore that, and don't mind the grind, there is much fun to be had in this game. These types of games are always fairly addictive, as you are rewarded for EVERYthing, and always feel a sense of progression to almost force you to keep playing.
game-hours: 338.2
review: As a space ninja you will kill zombies, aliens, and robots all while looking tottaly badass. Reminds me of Vindictus, Diablo-ish style loot system, Instanced missions, and cutting people in half. I was in the beta and had alot of fun and will return now that its on steam. Not Pay2win in anyway really since the game is all PVE. You can unlock all the Frames by doing missions and crafting them.
game-hours: 255.3
review: this one's a sweet deal XD
game-hours: 1291.8
review: Best F2P game ever.
game-hours: 7.3
review: YOU ING RUN AROUND, SHOOT , IF YOU'RE TAKING TO MUCH DAMAGE RUN AWAY, RUN AROUND SOME MORE, SHOOT MORE , WELL DONE YOU HAVE COMPLETED THE LEVEL. YOU WANT NEW ITEMS? SORRY YOU'LL HAVE TO BUY THEM WITH IRL MONEY OR PLAY THE SAME MISSIONS AND RUN AROUND, SHOOT , IF YOU'RE TAKING TO MUCH DAMAGE RUN AWAY, RUN AROUND SOME MORE, SHOOT MORE  ABOUT 60 TIMES IN ORDER TO EVEN ING DO ANYTHING WORTHWHILE IN THIS SHITFEST. NEVERMIND THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE TO LITERALLY WAIT DAYS TO CRAFT ITEMS, THEY ARE ING EXPENSIVE AS  TOO WHICH JUST ADDS EVEN MORE TO THE ING GRINDING. THE UI IS CLUNKY AND UNINTUITIVE, I'D RATHER ING PLAY SILKROAD ONLINE AND GET SCAMMED BY ING TURKS PURPOSELY IN ORDER TO TRY TO PURGE THE MEMORY OF ING PLAYING THIS BORING ING GAME FROM MY ING BRAIN. play if you're an autist.
game-hours: 344.7
review: This is one hell of a game.
game-hours: 2.6
review: This a Fun Far Future GAme im soo iliterate this is for da comunety bafge
game-hours: 4.2
review: If you find mindlessly playing through the same levels over and over just to get weapons or armor to all that over again, then this masterful piece of videogame is for you!
game-hours: 116.5
review: You need to really get into grinding for this game to be fun, and it CAN be highly P2W.
game-hours: 1150.9
review: Best game 20/10, would fap again
game-hours: 94.8
review: this si a great game seriously get
game-hours: 68.4
review: zajebiste kosmici obrocy bossy itd fajne :) + bronie walka w wrcz :D
game-hours: 602.4
review: I have two accounts with 400+ hours on both of them. Fairly solid game. Gets incredibly repetative. Some community members make runs a pain due to lack of experience. Just run ahead of them and kill all of the things and make them feel slow. Once you get the wall run/jump thing down, you will be flying through levels.
game-hours: 243.3
review: 10/10 Would Ordis again
game-hours: 344.1
review: Love this game. Although my router wont let me forward ports, its still a great game to go solo aswell. I enjoy the aspect of gathering materials to build weapons and researching parts. I like the aspect of different "frames" with different abilities and modding capabilities. overall great game.
game-hours: 54.5
review: Warframe is an entirely new asthetic, instead of taking cover to dodge bullets you make cover, stealth around, or even dodge bullets (and lasers) with your "mad ninja skillz". Warframe is a thrid person shooter, with emphasis on grinding, and on teamwork. If you seek to play this (amazing) game, I'd recommend a team of four (you and three of your ninja'est friends) with some form of vocal interaction such as "Teamspeak" or "Razer Comms" as I've not gotten the vocal settings figured out in game yet. If you enjoy the "grind" like in Monster Hunter, or Phantasy Star, you'll love Warframe, and remember: "Space Ninja's play free"
game-hours: 40.4
review: this game is fun the updates takes to long and ii dont know why they would add a box after you press play cus sometimes the box freezes but gameplay looks awesome
game-hours: 2.4
review: best free game EVVVVVVVVVVVAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
game-hours: 732.6
review: Surprisingly good game with co-op. Sort of like the Mass Effect 3 multiplayer, but good, and with free-running space ninjas. There is almost no PvP in this game, which is wonderful for all of us sick of wonderful PvE games being ruined by devs focusing solely on PvP, but if you're too much of a  little gremlin to play cooperatively with other people you're not going to like it very much. As someone who's dumped a lot of time into this game already, I should point out two things going in: it takes about 10-20 hours before you'll get the hang of all of the craziness (so read up on the wiki), and it *is* primarily designed to be a cooperative game (so find a group to play with, because it'll go much faster and be more reliable than playing with players from matchmaking).
game-hours: 72.8
review: i could write essays about this game but instead ill go ahead and recommend it, it's actually one of my best f2p games on steam(86/100)
game-hours: 1879.3
review: This game is very well done for a beta, hell this might just be the best third-person free-to-play game I have ever played. Most of the things in here are grindable so you dont have to spend real money to get everything you need, so good luck Tenno!
game-hours: 1.1
review: Yes, good game..
game-hours: 86.5
review: This game makes me quite moist
game-hours: 410.2
review: Good graphics, different playmodes, cool interfase and free to play =D
game-hours: 23.6
review: This game honestly wasn't what I epected when I started playing. I figured, "Oh an action MMO, so we're looking at a massive world full of people all doing random quests only with guns". Wrong. The world is divided into small maps that you play with teams and completing each map unlocks the next. The combat is fast, requiring you to go back and forth between shooting things to slicing them up with melee attacks. The sheer depth of customization options you have is astounding, and the way that skills are handled is a nice addition. The graphics themselves are nice, and players can drop in to a map in the middle of play so you may start a map with only you and another player but end it with 4-5 people. There is an element of grind present, as to manufacture gear once you have the blueprints you need materials for which you'll either have to pay Platinum (the real-monet currency) or play maps over a few times to get what you need from enemy drops (easier to do on Survival levels). Also, leveling up yourself is a seperate things from leveling weapons and frames, and ranking up as a player requires completing "challenges" which you need to wait 24 hours to try again if you fail. I have a few problems with the game; First, you're kind of thrown to the wolves when it comes to initialy setting up your character, but the Wiki helps. Secondly, I feel that, while the graphics are wonderful and the visuals themselves nicely done, the bio-mechanical look of the game could have been done better. That's not to say that it looks like crap, just that the disproportionate bodies of the enemies can look out of place compared to the avatars of the you and the other players. Sometimes the game won't remember the mods I've added to weapons/frames after I exit that menu, but that might be something I'm doing wrong and not the game itself You're best option, if you try the game and enjoy it, is to buy the $40 starter pack. You'll seriously need the in-game and real money currencies as well as the other bonuses to help get yourself started, otherwise you're stuck with the most basic of basic gear for quite a long time.
game-hours: 129.1
review: this is the best free game on steam i've ever seen :D...
game-hours: 588.5
review: I love this game, its well made. Good graphics and fighting mechanics, all bugs are dealt with quickly, so they aren't much of a problem. A wide range of missions, well suited for leveling up, as it doesn't rise too fast, nor too slow. A massive selection of weapons, with challenges to get the materials to craft them adds even more fun to the game. I really do recommend this game to my friends and the public, especially since it is a great game for being free. Get it now! You're missing out on all the ninja fun!
game-hours: 25.5
review: TL;DR: Really good Space-Ninja game. 11/10 In this game you're this alien thing in a suit called a Warframe, and you do cool stuff like murder alien robots. This game is almost 100% Free, with most of the in-game purchases being optional. You can even craft most of the premium items for free. 8/8- IGN 11/10- Me
game-hours: 85.8
review: Fun game 10 of 10. Must Ply :corpus:
game-hours: 77.1
review: Best free to play game ever made
game-hours: 16.9
review: rly good game i reccomend this (because its free)
game-hours: 69.9
review: 10/10 would waste my life again.
game-hours: 16.8
review: better then destiny LOL
game-hours: 7.9
review: I just ordered a steelseries gamepad specifically for this game. With that being said, time to get back on the grind.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Hi everyone played warframe before. This is my first time play it,after i spenting much of time viewing it.The conclusion can be made as nice graphic such as enenmy ,ruined place and much more many ,yet i will recommends to you all
game-hours: 134.3
review: This in greatest game ever for me :3
game-hours: 134.4
review: CAN'T STOP PLAYING !!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 5.8
review: When I played it at my freinds house, it was a great game. But every time I try to run it on my computer it pops up with a message saying "update of directX failed" and wont let me play.
game-hours: 172.5
review: best Free 2 play games
game-hours: 124.6
review: This game has come a long way since its release. Wow. So much content! I am a bit overwhelmed but I love it!
game-hours: 239.0
review: Basically Ninja-mech simulator, lots of warframes, lots of missions, lots of weapons, and lots of ways to get yourself stuck outside of the map. One of my favorite shotter games ever!
game-hours: 67.4
review: Baddas
game-hours: 24.1
review: Yes i would recommeded this to friends. Go and try it! Pros: Fun and awesome game. Play with friend and kill some bad guys. Upgrade your warframe characters and weapons. Long and lots of missions. Cons: Lots of grinding to get ranks up but still fun and part of the game. When i first play it, i had no clue what to do or where to go. But eventually you will get there once you look around and figure out. Rate: 8/10 Recommend: Yes
game-hours: 126.0
review: My left hand hurts.
game-hours: 110.7
review: Got bored Downloaded this game Got 5 people to join the game in 1 day Realized there's a recruit-a-friend function as we we're all playing in Skype together 10/10 would cry in a corner again.
game-hours: 133.1
review: Very fun and addicting, however, repetitive gameplay makes the game dull off after a month or two of constant play. However, the developers constantly release new updates and features that brings in gamers old and new.
game-hours: 47.9
review: Amazing game, and loads of fun to play with friends. Be prepared that this is a progression type of game and there is A LOT OF GRINDING to be done before you are powerful enough to enjoy the whole game. Be prepared to WORK for things you want over time , if you are not wanting to spend too much money. Easily one of the best F2P games ever.
game-hours: 273.3
review: incredible for a free game, has alot of content most of which can be gained through the game itself, some things have to be bought using the premium currency but thats mostly just for looks, also its one of the only mmos ive seen with direct combat! very fun, very much recommended!
game-hours: 17.2
review: Hell Yes
game-hours: 802.2
review: Well if you like killing things and i mean KILLING things this game does that..... endless kill with tha ability to craft new and power full wepons. There are wepons for evey playthrough stile from stealth to guns loaded tanking. this game can repeat its self but even then its still a good game. good enough for me to play over 150 hours
game-hours: 2056.5
review: Very fun, Very cool, love it could easily be a finished poduct
game-hours: 72.1
review: Good game. looks great for a free to play, and is very addictive. it's worth getting.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Good game really fun
game-hours: 258.8
review: Warframe has that inevitable MMO feature of draining all your time away. But its awesome.
game-hours: 556.6
review: bst gaem evar
game-hours: 203.7
review: Really good game but it gets repetitive a little to fast. +Good graphic +Good control +Good gameplay -the community is a little too small for the game - Gets repetitive fast
game-hours: 8.8
review: Do you like to grind? If Yes, then this game is the best game ever! 10/10 Would grind again
game-hours: 174.9
review: Currently one of the best F2P (Free to Play) games available right now. Warframe has top of the line Graphics, controls, content, Dev team quality, sound and even unusual lore. This game has got everything going for it right now and no downside what so ever which is almost unheard of. Suffice it to say its doing right what 99% of the current gaming market is doing wrong. It's also in beta but for a beta product its more complete than most high end titles in the past 5 years or so. Also, While the game does sell weapons and equipment in the cash shop it is usually far easier to obtain in game than the cash shop price which actually puts cash shop users at a near disadvantage. How uncommon! If all of this wasn't enough the rate at which updates are cranked out in nearly over polished form is quite amazing. Warframes cranked out more content, updates, changes, balances, new items, armors, maps and AI types than many high end MMO's do in a year and they do it with a much smaller team too. This game is a shinning example of what "should be". Suffice it to say Warframes cutting its own bloody path to true fame and glory among both F2P and P2P games alike. This one is a definite must try for any scifi, hack&slash or shooter fan. Easy 10/10.
game-hours: 696.0
review: this game is for u if u like action.
game-hours: 413.1
review: One of the best free to play games!
game-hours: 3.1
review: An interesting game i shall say , crafting system, co-op play and many more fun details!!!!!!
game-hours: 28.9
review: Good for Burmese players since it's a free-to-play game with nice co-op shooting gameplay, the drawback is the gameplay's repetitive and you have to pay to reduce wasting your time grinding more warframes, items and weapons. Other than that you can get almost all items. :) EDIT: Gonna play on PS4, still bad that I can't import my character from PC to PS4 :/
game-hours: 695.9
review: A must have game
game-hours: 120.9
review: One of the best Free to play games out there!
game-hours: 30.3
review: Awesome game. Lots of grinding but thats the fun of it all, meeting new players or having fun with a group of friends. F2P only charging for cosmetics as everything else is craftable(be patient, it can take up days to craft some items.) Overall, an 8.9/10 in my book. Solid gameplay, plenty of cool weapons and warframes to give a try. JUST DL IT AND PLAY ALREADY! :)
game-hours: 837.8
review: Outstanding level of fun and awesomeness on a F2P game (nothing such as P2W exists for this one), what else could you ask for?
game-hours: 123.9
review: Basically, you are a homicidal semi-mercenary parkour space ninja, and you murder your way across the solar system. It is also free-to-play. For these reasons it is almost certainly worth some of your time.
game-hours: 5.9
review: This is the only "Free to Play" game i will ever play! But the recent updates have been giving me bad frame rate ):
game-hours: 1024.0
review: This game stoled my life, addicted 200%, 1000 hours in 3 months sush a great game 12/10, learn to play and be addicted, Free To play Ninja, recommended :D
game-hours: 473.5
review: It's all fun and games at the beginning. Sorta like an adventure there. Then Mid game becomes a long long long grind for top tier stuff while trying to look like you are, whitlist complaining about how long it will take. All in all, if ou don't mind grinding alot, its pretty good.
game-hours: 69.3
review: If you guys like gunz u will love this game
game-hours: 300.2
review: This is one of the best on line games I have ever played. The physics are spot on and the environments eye popping not to mention engrossing. Having a very aggressive opponent is very crucial to any combat oriented arena. Coupling that with mazes and puzzles that I and my friends can get immersed in... POPS!
game-hours: 57.6
review: Overall this game is just awesome, with a fair buisness model and a great engine it has everything you would want. Even though some of the levels (very few) are repetitive you can enjoy the game alone or with a friend. I highly recomend this game so check it out maybe you'll have a new favorite game to play.
game-hours: 876.5
review: Exceptionally good. The game provides a fairly unique mix of elements that produce for the player a huge experience through procedurally generated maps against a fairly wide range of enemies. The developer support for the game is active and ongoing; this isn't a game that receives updates only rarely; events are often, and new content is plentiful. For a new player, you can expect to be working your way through things for weeks, and even months before you will start to see the edges of the game. Bugs exist, but they are not as common as you might anticipate from forum posts; the game is reliable enough to play with satisfaction. Balance is also an issue in some small cases, but for the most part there is no 'right way' to play, aside from a select few very-end-game situations, where inevitably certain strategies are more favourable. If you are determined and skilled enough, you can make anything work, and have fun. There is a second currency aside from that earned in-game, but it should be noted that Warframe has managed to entirely avoid the notion of pay-2-win. You -can- buy weapons and frames with real money, but in every case, you can also obtain those items through gameplay. There is a trading system that also allows players to trade that currency to one another; if you play enough, and are smart about it, you will never need to spend any money at all, a fact that I almost feel guilty about, having established more than enough fortune to see me through for years to come, I will likely never need to give another penny to the developers. Potentially this only means that someone else has, however. The action is as fast-paced as the player will demand, the demand of skill progresses comfortably as the player attempts higher-level missions, and there is also a tangible sense of progression the more you play, as you acquire new gear and upgrades. The only criticism I have is the 'archwing', a recent addition that is in dire need of certain tweaks. It progresses comparatively slow, at a snail's pace, to the rest of the game, and it is only loosely integrated with the rest of the game. There are many opportunities where it would fit to have a mission progress into this gamemode, but for either practicality reasons, or the devs haven't thought of it, archwing exists as a fairly separate entity. Regardless, Warframe is a fantastic game, with plenty of interesting ways for a player to blast, snipe and slash their way through the universe. From me, this game receives a rare "highly recommended"; it is an example of what a free-to-play game should aspire towards. Edit: Oh yeah, you play as a magic space-ninja. Are you kidding me? What more do you want?
game-hours: 297.4
review: fun game to chill and play with a couple buddies
game-hours: 174.8
review: A game where you spent 80% of it grinding to get the good stuff, only to realize later, that there was better stuff and after you grind for that stuff, you realize an update came out, with new and better stuff, so you grind for that stuff until you realize that others have better stuff than you. I call that a win-win. Maybe also contain some rage inducing Orokin Cells.
game-hours: 674.6
review: Britty gud.
game-hours: 77.8
review: Really fun, a bit grindy, but the grinding can be pretty fun.
game-hours: 335.6
review: DRAGON FRAME>>>> THEY HAVE A FXXKING DRANGON FRAME!!!!! which alternately look kinda like a seahorse.... DRAGON AND SEAHORSE!!! 11/10 best FTP GAME EVER (ALONG WITH GHOST REC PHONTOM, that game is pretty gd too)
game-hours: 471.9
review: Warframe is unique, in many good ways and in many bad too. The premise of the game itself is brilliant, space ninja-samurai that fight robot-men and plauge beasts, it's radical and filled with flashy effects that you'd expect from a third person shooter mixed with a spectacle fighter, with an interesting and in-depth lore to boot it's hard to fault Warframe for what it offers and the price it offers it for, free. There is however something to note, Warframe features a cash shop that allows you buy anything within the game for Platinum, your Platinum account is charged by real world money and doing so gives you a huge boost within the game, I want to stress though that everything, every single item can be gained in game without the use of Platinum. To do so though, makes the game a massive grind. Starting solo and venturing into the game for the first time, my personal experience was that this game truly comes close to forcing you to have to pay for some item to break up the norm of running the same mission over and over again in order to gain new weapon upgrades, before spending any money on the game I was on my way to gaining my Prime Warframe, but purchasing a pack of Platinum surpassed all build times, item requirments and even allowed me to double my modification slots. A great, free game that becomes grounded by a borderline questionable payment methods, if you can deal with the occasional grind, it's well worth it. And I can totally deal with the grind.
game-hours: 818.9
review: The only downside to this game is that there is no open world or even sandbox type environment to expand immersion within the world. In virtually every other aspect, the game is a dream-like playground for fans of games like mass effect, unreal tournament, or in some ways even Prince of Persia and Ninja Gaiden. There is wall running handled in a well executed manner, there is melee combat complete with actual combos and timing as well as blocking, there is evil space creatures and factions to kill and hate, and there is a huge array of both weapons and warframes to choose from and collect in order to diversify your experience. Even recently a new system of flight combat was added straight out of a space shooter sim hybrid. While it is true the game is VERY light on story line or explanation, and can become quite grindy after a deep binge of obsessive exposure, the core systems of the game are bieng constantly improved and there is NO pay 2 win mechanic because anything you can acquire through the shop except for a very few cosmetics are all obtainable in game. PvP players be warned however, this game is not about PvP, at all, and the PvP aspect of the game is not very well realized or implemented at this point. While PvP is playable, it is certainly not for everyone and is not what the game is focused around at all.
game-hours: 1118.3
review: At least a year and a half ago, I saw this game for the first time. I still remember what I was thinking while watching the trailer: "My god, this game looks too complicated, you must have to mash combo after combo of keys to do that flippy thing" After this and some thought, I figured I would think about it and wait to see if a friend recommends it. I regret not signing up right away. A week or so later, a friend I had met on Left 4 Dead 2 starts playing the game, and I ask him, "Is it good? Is it worth making the account for?" He said, "Hell yeah, this game is crazy... I still don't really get the game, but it is pretty cool." So, I set up my account and started playing. For the first few days, I played a little here and there, still pretty clueless and felt Planetside 2 needed my attention more. But one Saturaday morning, I had a sudden realization that I could get more weapons and even Warframes than just my good old Excaliber and Mk-1 Braton. I started playing much more after that, and I still remember my very first crafted weapon: my beautiful Orthos. Next came the Furis, and finally the Boltor. I was all set up, and at that point completely hooked. This was all a year and a half ago, too. That game has come SO VERY FAR from that point, and I am still playing today like I did before. The gameplay was and still is loads of fun and extremely fast pased. If you are looking for a good game to play, I recommend clicking "Download"
game-hours: 152.1
review: The most engaging MMO I have played to date. Every new weapon, warframe, and update changes things up enough to keep me hooked. The DEVS ARE AMAZING, and pay attention to the community better than any other company I've ever seen. Best of all, YOU DON'T HAVE TO PAY A CENT. Between alerts, drops, and blueprints, you are not required to spend any money. One of my favorite games ever.
game-hours: 112.7
review: Awesome game :D
game-hours: 361.8
review: This is a good game for the first couple of hours but it gets a bit repetitive after that. The combat is satisfying and enemies explode into glorious showers of blood but there are a LOT of repeated assets and enemies, making this a game that you should get if you feel like something fun to play for a couple of hours, and it's for the wonderful price of nilch, so you should probably pick it up.
game-hours: 454.9
review: This game is so fun, I can't get enough of it, all of it is fun. So much things to do in the game, this is one of the best 3rd person games yet! Give it a try, you will like it.
game-hours: 605.4
review: Nova needs a bigger butt.
game-hours: 413.3
review: A decent F2P 3rd person shooter. I'll start with the positives first. Visuals are excellent. Warframes (classes) are varied and each have a unique look and application Lot's of mods (or items that will change your weapon, sentinel (pet), or warframe) Decent amount of Lore for those that look hard enough (the game is kinda like Dark Souls in that the story isn't presented directly to you, instead it's mentioned in a few conversations, events, and the codex) Fast pace, but easy combat. You can easily hit enemies while running along walls, doing slides, etc. Easy game to hop on and play a couple rounds and hop off when you feel like. Provides challenging levels for both experience players at higher levels, and casual gamers at lower levels with no real need to go to higher levels except for the challenge. Consistently update the game and have DE have devstreams that shows what they are trying to do and what is planned on being implimented next (always good to watch) Now for the negatives: It's grindy...very grindy. You'll spend a while at later levels trying to get a Forma (a high level material that's needed to either let you re-level your warframe/weapon with added benefits or to build good weapons from the dojo, or guild hall) Levels repeat in both layout and mission type (defence, capture, rescue, survival, with a few others). Luckly recent updates have been giving planets their own look so the layout problem is being fixed. You get laggy games more often then some other games as it is P2P. On a 1-10 scale I'd give the game 7.5 in it's current state. Fun gameplay but repetative.
game-hours: 285.5
review: Awesome game to be honest. I don't play it much because I find it confusing (especially the menu) the buttons are everywhere. But I guess thats only personal experience. All in all, this is a 9/10
game-hours: 11.1
review: The most artistic and extreme scifi action game of all and best of all its freeeeeeeeeee the controls are very easy and every level is big and beutiful.
game-hours: 255.9
review: SPAES NINJAS! 1000/4
game-hours: 370.9
review: I Love this game, it has got to be one the best F2P Games ever i loved every miniute of playing it, Even griding is fun if you have one or two people to do it with.
game-hours: 1.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1394.8
review: Easily the best free to play game I've ever played. I started playing back when they released it on Steam last year and it's still something I play most days for at least a bit. With constant new content (every week or two), extended and new features frequently, the option to get EVERYTHING in-game without spending a penny and a pretty helpful and fun community, this game is fastastic. Over 100 weapons as of right now with over 20 warframes, quite a few pets and hundreds of mods. It is a game that's 100% about grinding and waiting for your items to craft so you have to be patient. If you like grinding and such (which I do) this game is definitely for you. Download it.
game-hours: 135.6
review: this game is awesome!
game-hours: 590.3
review: Pros: + Good Graphics + Cool variety of different weapons + Combat System + Fast Bugfixes + Many variety of different characters to play with + Different types of bosses and enemies + SPACE NINJAS Cons: - Grinding (seriously if you dont like grinding you will not enjoy this game) - Not noob friendly - End game dont exist yet (only survival and defense mission that can last for 40-60 min) - Repeated map tileset - Confusing Maps - Pray to RNG god a whole lot, you never get what you want - A bit of event to win (so dont miss events) Be prepared to sink tons of hours like I have if you want to experience everything that warframe has to offer. This game is not friendly to new players cause all weapons and warframes takes many resources to build, so expect many reruns. Despite all of its flawes its still a fun game with loads of contents for newer player, so if you have time to play many hours I can recommend this game for you.
game-hours: 4.4
review: A great FTP game which will make you feel happy shooting things and going pew pew. You do fun jumps and dive everywhere and shoot these robot guys and do missions and advance forward. Co-op is great in this game aswell get it now.
game-hours: 348.9
review: Easily one of my favourite Free-To-Play's, due to the nature of the in-game purchases and how much fun it is to grind levels/gear. I actually can't think of another FTP game that is FUN to GRIND. Runescape was probably only the other fun game going back to its classic days, but even that has basically become pay-to-play, disregarding the fact that they still advertise it as a FTP game. You can aquire anything in the game without real world money, and it isn't ludicriously hard like it is in competitor games. Furthermore, your far better to spend your money on additional Warframe (characters/suits) and weapon slots as initially you are pretty strapped for space. However by the time you reach these limits you will know if your money is worth it. Keep it mind however that the slots are incredibly cheap aswell, for 2 weapon slots sell at at 12p (p is platinum, the ingame premium currency), and 1 warframe slot a tad more expensive at 20p. Definately give this game a try if you haven't already, it won't cost you a cent - literally!
game-hours: 377.3
review: For a free to play, this is very good. It is good that they offer the ability to make a warframe instead of purchasing it. It makes you appreciate what you have in a game. 11/10
game-hours: 2572.7
review: For a free to play game you cant go wrong with their ideas. Yes its alot of shooting and like alot of shooters it can be repeat its self. That said the GFX, the ammount of choice of Frames and weapons, the regular updates and live streams makes this game a lot of fun! Everything that can be bought for real money can also be earnt in game one way or another with no real cash cost to the player! Fight on Tenno!
game-hours: 368.6
review: very good sci-fi action game to play
game-hours: 13.3
review: i love this game its graphics is so awesome... ^^
game-hours: 284.5
review: omg
game-hours: 1234.8
review: Pure awesomeness!
game-hours: 791.3
review: I quit playing this game back in early beta, it got very grindy. They have changed all of this. Fun game again, super easy to get into with friends, but deep and complicated towards the end, so you have something to work for and not get bored. Really fun co-op shooter and tons of stuff to keep you entertained and busy! :)
game-hours: 1228.9
review: You play as a Space Ninja fighting genetically engineered power armoured warriors, robots and bioweapons in the grim, distant future. WarHammer 40k meets hack and slash ninjas. SO MUCH YES.
game-hours: 10.8
review: Brilliant game to play with your mates, or in solo! Would reccommend this game to anyone who likes futuristic sword and gun games with a hint of puzzle solving! 10/10!
game-hours: 246.1
review: One of the most free to play games with no real P2W, while u can buy every piece of equipment for real money, u can also find and craft them that doesnt take that long. game play smooth as butter as long as u have a good host or play solo , the weapons are varied and characters are mostly well balanced, there is no real pvp(there are duels in dojo's and 2v2s in conclaves that have a gearscore range but no rewards). While the game has a few bugs here and there its pretty damn polished for a beta. And it has bows. Bows are great! 9/10 needs more bows.
game-hours: 570.2
review: if you like space+ shooting X Melee % killing allot = a really good game...i know that wasnt that great for recommending this game but you should at least try it.
game-hours: 37.7
review: This is the best free to play game ive ever played. it has huge updates almost every month and endless content to keep you entertained. it has great graphics, great gameplay, and great multiplayer it also runs good on any computer. i would buy this game if it where to cost money
game-hours: 625.8
review: Overall for a new player this is a very good game, and i recommend getting it. In fact i'd recommend everyone at least tries it once, because it truly is different to any other game out today. Now i did greatly enjoy this game, i've donated quite alot of money during my time playing. However this game suffers what many games still do; Once you have everything you want, or are just satisfied with what you have, the only reason you play the game is to try look better than your peers. [Can also be explained in the endless cycle formula- Grind to get better weapons, to grind with those better weapons, to grind with those better weapons to get more weapons to grind with, to grind to get better weapons (loop here) = Insanity] It basically becomes a great big pissing contest between the pro's, including endless hours of grinding for weapons that 'the other players don't have' yet the weapon is most likely not even worth the grind. Yes I admit this game is still in developement, however I am just pre-warning, this game is yet to offer a great amount for the good/old players. As for actuall gameplay, i'd give it a 9/10. Fun Factor, 9/10, but decreases overtime. Unless you don't mind grinding. As an added bonus i'd like to praise the Technical Support team, they are the nicest and most helpful support i've ever encountered. <3 you warframe, even if you annoy me.
game-hours: 68.3
review: I want this game to bear my children. It's very loving, gives me stuff for free and supplies me with happiness. Oh, and blood. And Ninja cyborg assassins. And does what I tell it to. What more could you want from a wif- I mean game? Did I mention it contains Ninja cyborg assassins? Because it does, and they're awesome. This game is easily a Tenno of ten.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Quite the grind, but loads of fun through the end
game-hours: 22.7
review: a really great third person shooter game.
game-hours: 121.2
review: Its good
game-hours: 827.4
review: Haaving played this game for hundreds of hours...give it a in try, it's free.
game-hours: 61.8
review: ok ben playing i want some more friends to play join me so we can all work on geting better
game-hours: 812.4
review: A very nice game.
game-hours: 188.6
review: This game gets more awesome with every update it releases don't mention the graphics which will blow your mind. of course there are a things that disappoint me, but pros covers the cons here Ninjas play free ! :)
game-hours: 20.4
review: Hands down best, most balanced F2P I have every played. PvE focused (currently) with no need to buy anything.
game-hours: 336.7
review: A fast-paced action-packed third person shooter that will entice you within minutes. The range of available characters and weapons to unlock and build really add to the game's possibilities of ways to play, fight and win. The only "negative" thing I have come to notice is that you can't really unlock other warframes to use until mid to late game (unless you spend real money), but even that just encourages more gameplay and more fun! But a word of caution: This game does not have a running storyline after the first missions, so if you are looking for a plot to get involved in, this is not the game. Needless to say, overall, this game is a great action-filled TPS that will have you hooked for life and the fun will go on without end.
game-hours: 46.7
review: I'm not a huge fan of FPS. So, having the melee attack & bow option is great. The graphics are amazing as well. I also like that anyone can be recruited into a squad or you can even select solo..as I'm more prone to soloing.
game-hours: 518.2
review: This game is THE !!! A/10 would rail again! Grustrag Three can suck my boltor :>
game-hours: 702.3
review: Amazing game love every moment about it space ninjas ftw
game-hours: 124.9
review: 10/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 2483.0
review: look at my hours, need i say more? well.. its pertty good :)
game-hours: 35.8
review: For me, great game. Many shooting and sword fighting or special skills. Many weapons and missions, really cool.
game-hours: 641.0
review: Well i like this game, its a game meant for people that like to adventure, play with friends, fight, you can do all sorts of stuff! You get to duel with members, Do missions, Get pets, make weapons, make your weapons better, and enjoy the game :)
game-hours: 49.9
review: To do list: 1. install this game. 2. Play this game. 3. Look out a window and scream 'Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaceeee!' 4. Enjoy the game. 5. Realise you have to grind a lot of areas and rage. 6. You don't care about how you feel and grind dem items for cool guns/warframes. 7. Wasted all dem hours. 8. Worth it. 9. Only play it because of 3.
game-hours: 34.5
review: Pretty fun game, especially if you are into sci-fi stuff. It becomes even better if you are playing with frinds as squad. The main defect is that it can be boring if you want to craft weapon/frame and you need to get materials- it takes long time and you have to play on same maps again and again.
game-hours: 35.7
review: fun :)
game-hours: 255.9
review: l -ABSOLUTELY- recommend this game. Incredible fun. Co-op too, so pay to win is almost out of the question. Go solo or go with friends, even go online and you'll have a good time. ;) Choose a weapon that suits your playstyle, and choose a frame to go along with it. The game is amazingly free to play - however you want. All in all the game is great. l can't explain much with this text alone, and if a picture is worth a thousand words then that must mean actual gameplay is worth 100,000. Go try it out now, you'll be glad you did. It's only 30 minutes to download, and 36,000 of fun. ;)
game-hours: 155.5
review: Shoot the  out of some aliens and explode people into cyber bite size bytes and die
game-hours: 26.9
review: game is amzing just the problem is that i couldnt get past 1st test and i was stuck on 1lv
game-hours: 378.9
review: If I could spam the utter living hell out of the thumbs up button, I seriously would. I never thought I'd like a game like this, but it's absolutely amazing! The graphics, the gameplay, the mechanics of the game, the stories (missions, really0 are pretty cool, the variety. It's basically the father to Destiny, but better. I love Destiny, DO NOT get me wrong, I really do, but all the exotic things Destiny promised are actually here in Warframe. The weapons have deeper variety and the cutomization is pretty freaking awesome. They're still adding new things to the game (Like the hounds they added to the game not too long ago called Kubrows) as it keeps going and it's all incredibly awesome! And there is so much to do, I hardly have enough time in my day to do it all. If you like Destiny and the Mass Effect series, you'll love Warframe!
game-hours: 45.3
review: its a bunch of space ninjas flying around grinding for items. not bad.
game-hours: 225.8
review: Let me make this clear. I love Warframe. I started playing it a few years ago, way before the whole Archwing, doggeh companions and Ordis. All this stuff added to the game has made it even better. My only problem? I CANNOT LAUNCH IT FROM STEAM. Something has screwed Warframe up for my steam, or the computer I'm on, and I've tried everything to get it to work. I can only get the game to launch fully by going into the game's folder and running the launcher outside of Steam. Now if only I didn't have damn lag, then I'd be content. So if your computer is better than mine, which it probably is, and if you love games that you can feel epic and badass in with only an option to spend actual cash, download Warframe now and become a space ninja. The grind for items and stuff is still there, but all games have item grinding so, why complain about that unless you enjoy being a negative little whiner. You know who you are, you whiners.
game-hours: 665.7
review: Love this game :)
game-hours: 2880.6
review: Can't play this game alone.... Feels awesome to become stronger and look back and see how weak u were. Join the teeno! :D
game-hours: 369.9
review: This game is fantastic, the devs are extremely active in the community, there is a massive variation in weapons and warframes (characters). The levels are randomly generated with premade tile sets, so levels are hardly ever the same. The only thing i have against the game is the fact that it is a grinding game. Although honestly it's not to much of an issue. The gameplay is smooth and satisfying. The best part is that this game is still in Beta, so it can only get better. Warframe doesn't deserve a 67/100 from metascore.
game-hours: 463.1
review: 97/100 + Pretty good controls once you get the hang of them. + Very unique abilities for each frame. + Many strategies are usually viable for every encounter. + Frame balance has improved a bit since my last review. + Good F2P system - everything can be obtained, somehow, for free(minus a few cosmetic things). + Unique, diverse enemies, especially the bosses. + Generous difficulty curve. + Very fast gameplay that adequately punishes for inattentiveness. + Receiving constant updates, frequent events and timely developer responses. + Gmod ragdoll physics. + Story and lore content actually exist now, and it's constantly evolving with every update. + Voiceacting is pretty alright. + The music is great. + Astronomical replayability. + Nifty weapon-modding system that actually does allow for a significant degree of customization. ~ The Archwing "space combat sans spacecraft" crap is incredibly disappointing. ~ PvP is b r o k e n. It does exist, though, in case you want to rally some friends and ban the ridiculous weapons. ~ Fairly smart AI... for a multiplayer game. ~ Extremely expensive paid content. ~ Long "crafting" times for items, but you can "rush" them for premium currency. ~ Grinding is a mildly significant part of the game. ~ Hosted client-locally, rarely leading to nasty lag. This also means it will hose your connection if you are the host and you have a terrible ISP. ~ Severe Chronic Power Creep is a recurring theme. ~ No official soundtrack available for purchase... - STILL very buggy. Most bugs don't last too terribly long, but they introduce new ones pretty regularly. - The code that handles the intial connecting to other players is horrible. - Poor weapon balance. - QA basically skips over the text.
game-hours: 669.0
review: This game just keeps getting better. Sometimes you need to farm for resources but even farming is fun! So many classes and weapons I don't know what to do with myself. I totally reccomend this game and can't say enough good about it. It's better then pizza (and pizza is amazing). This game has so many hours worth of gameplay to it and yet it's FREE. My life is so simple and happy now that I have Warframe. :D
game-hours: 114.9
review: FarmFrame
game-hours: 6.5
review: It's a really good game to play with friends. As well with strangers but there lacks a lot of fun. Only downside of the game is that it kinda feels repeatable in way your mission don't really change that much it's straight up go in kill/collect/protect that and that's it.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Best sliding simulator ever.
game-hours: 616.4
review: Don't read the reviews,play it!
game-hours: 98.5
review: Fun, Co-op game with a nice novelty to keep you comming back (crafting, build times, updates, etc.). Unfortunately the novelty wears off and the game becomes pretty cut and dry.
game-hours: 598.1
review: I got the game in july 2014, i've had steam since january 2014. Between getting this game and now, i now have more hours in warframe than all my other games combined in the last year. This game has taken the throne of my favorite game ever. Something about it keeps me from burning out on it, but then again, minecraft did that for a while to, and i haven't played it in months, so i may burn out on it, but i don't see it happening in the near future. The game is free to play, and when people hear or see a free to play game they are afraid of it because of pay to win games. The great thing about this game is, some of the best weapons in the game, are only achievable through gameplay alone, while still giving people good incentive to pay. The game Looks and, although it took me a while to get used to, controls great. My computer, not the beefiest in the world, and warframe can still keep a good fps, maybe some lag if alot of things are happening, or i have a bunch of other programs running in the background, but overall, lag free on my average powered computer (I5). another thing that could draw people in is the mostly co-op multiplayer... when i first ran TF2, I got killed over and over by people much much better than me. warframe is a mainly coop multiplayer, meaning, that if a n00b, you may feel like a noob when you see your scores compared to others, but, don't have to worry about the same things as in competitive games... and if you like, there are still conflicts and dueling arenas where pvp is possible. The amount of content is amazing, how this game runs on my computer is amazing, and the awesome devs keep adding more, and keep the community somewhat hyped for new content with livestreams and feeds. I've played 322 hours of this game, and i am still learning more and more. The community is great, I probably wouldn't still be playing if i hadn't played woth or met people that were nice, and helped me get better at the game. all sorts of guides and hepful content exist for this game. Alot of my friends have burned out on this game but, me and one other continue to play it more and more. i believe this is just how you plaw games. One friend of mine plays games as though he is a game reviewer, plays about 5-10 hours, then gets a new game, he spent about 150 in warframe and stopped. I on the other hand, could never do that, if the game allows i can spend months (nearly two years in the case of SSBB) practically only playing one game and not having an urge to play any others. the same happened with awesomenauts, minecraft,TF2, and Other console games. That got a bit rambly, but, how long you remain playing this depends on you, but it is definetly worth picking up and playing atleast 10 hours...
game-hours: 32.5
review: Great Game is EPIC WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 679.5
review: Motherlovin Space Ninjas. If you turn this game off, for even 10 minutes, you WILL miss Rare Cards, updates, new frames, potatoes, and Megans' gigglebox. I apologize for my low playtime, but my GF threatened to kill me if I got to 600 hours. Would play 600 hours again!
game-hours: 2.8
review: this game is nice
game-hours: 159.0
review: This game is fantastic, the graphics are pretty good and the gameplay is good too, full of energy...AND IT'S FREE TO PLAY
game-hours: 176.7
review: goos quqality good fps nice roleplaying
game-hours: 255.3
review: secs
game-hours: 23.0
review: this is truly a great online space game I played so far so if you want to slide and kill this is the game for you. I surely thank steam for this game
game-hours: 1167.9
review: If you enjoy PvE team games, this is a great one. "What is it like?" is a hard question to answer; its filled with so many different things in the best way possible.
game-hours: 868.0
review: Best hack and slash plus the gunslinger mode.. Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 4.8
review: Amazing fast paced action!
game-hours: 1.1
review: nice game time killer
game-hours: 6.3
review: Funny game, but so much better on Xbox One !
game-hours: 27.4
review: This game is amazing~ You should play it. You need to play it. Katanas in spaaaaace with guns and bows awe yiss.
game-hours: 23.5
review: Nice game!!
game-hours: 289.8
review: Grinding and crashing simulator
game-hours: 401.3
review: you get to be a freaking SPACE NINJA
game-hours: 879.5
review: One of the best games I've played in awhile. Very immersive, fast paced sci fi action and KUBROWS! Lots of weapons to choose from, I've looged almost 400 hours into this game and it nevers gets boring. A must play for anyone who likes sci fi shooters mixed with parkour and a large universe to explore.
game-hours: 318.7
review: all the revenue hooks and addiction lures are super obvious but the core gameplay is rather fun. The game is under active development (open beta, technically) and the official forums see plenty of fan submitted content or suggestions reach some stage of in game implementation, which is nice.
game-hours: 439.7
review: WHY DONT YOU HAVE THE GAME ALREADY?
game-hours: 232.4
review: If you dont have money to burn. you are in for a LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT of grinding. also has a form of virtual hats. so theres that. Fo srs version Pros: Space ninjas, concept 10/10 Warframes have good designs and diverse powers so two frames dont feel like they play the same but with a different unicorn hat good fun to play with friends that kill you in the dojo after you find a bug in the sparring place. Enemies are unique and dont feel that much like pallete swaps of the same guy with a gun. Lots and lots of weapons. (its got whips. WHIPS i tell you) Bosses usually require a full party of people. even the first one. (cheap ) WOAH DUD DEM GREEPHIKS (they is k) Cons: Farming Simulator 2013 Warfarme edition. Leveling is really tedious for frames and weapons alike Usually need high level players to help grind money/EXP/Resources ect. Makes you feel slightly like dead weight. Its not pay to win, its pay to get any godamn variety It takes about 3 days to get a new weapon/warframe without spending money Suffers from Payday 2 disease, they have a big update but if you dont have money to spend have fun running around the same missions over and over again to get a small chance to get the parts then farm for the components and then wait days to craft it. GOOD UPDATE HEY KIDS, YOU WANT SOME NANO SPORES (400,000 of them currently too much) Most of the cons can be filtered in to "Farming simulator" complaint. Mercus rating game of ratingness 2/5 Get friends to play it with you, or it gets lonely. also technical sequel to dark sector. and thats cool
game-hours: 884.1
review: FREE and NEVER ENDING FUN! What more could you ask of in this game. Basically speaking, this is a free to play game where 95% of the in game items can be obtainable, of course excluding limited items (events) and exclusive items (beta tester and founders who supported the game when it first started) and some appearance options like colors and syandanas (capes) for your warframe. THIS IS NOT A PAY2WIN. There are two currencies in game, and one is called credits while the latter is called platinum. Platinum is used to purchase cosmetic items like colors and syandanas. It can also be used to rush wait times (when you build things it takes real time to craft the items, but it actually isn't much of a bother and is a reasonable wait time, you'll see when you play the game). Other than that, platinum does NOT affect performance wise on who is better. Credits on the other hand is earned quite easily (do missions, kill stuff, open lockers/chests), but is needed alot of to craft and mod your warframe. I also want to add that if you get the right mods or prime parts of a warframe, you can actually go to trade chat and sell those items for platinum, which can be used for purchasing those color options and syandanas (I've yet to spend a single penny on this game, which I probably will since the developers of this game are amazing, which I'll get to that later in this review, and I have easily 5 syandanas, color palettes, lots of inventory spaces, and potatoes-which expand one's mod slots on a warframe/weapon ) The sheer variety of customization and the amount of weapons at your disposal is insane. This game has been severly criticized for being repetitive, and what people don't see in this game is the amount of options you can do to have FUN. You are quite literally a ninja who can parkour around all the maps and use from machine guns to pistols to the simple kunais and katanas ninjas use, and thats just a start. You can choose to go in guns blazing, or even take a more stealthier approach by being invisible and performing assassinations. The graphics I have to say are really really top notch. There's nothing I can really say about running it on high graphics, other than to either experience it yourself, or maybe look up a youtube video of how high end the graphics are (but that isn't really the same experience). This recent update even added in more companions in the form of kubrows (dog-like allies) to be at your side, in addition to the sentinels that were floating around helping you in various ways. Not only is the game amazing, but this game offers the most amazing staff of developers and amazing community one can ask. The developers actually listen to their players and read forums to give us what we want to see in a game. For example, Nova (a warframe or powersuit as you might call it) was created by the players. The new sword and shield weapon called the silva and aegis was also created by a player whose design was noticed by the developers, in addition to two more weapons that are currently still in development. The developers even hold streams or prime times in which they interact with the players and talk to us about their upcoming ideas and updates. If you're even curious about how dedicated the developers are to this game, look up on youtube for an update 14 update the night before the update is released, and you can tell how many of them had little to no sleep working on this massive update. TL;DR - FREE game where you can get 95% of all items (excluding founders exclusives and limited edition items that came most likely from events), has good graphics, has an amazing developer staff and community, FUN, NOT A PAY2WIN
game-hours: 1985.4
review: With beautiful graphics, great gameplay, a variety of missions to complete, many scenarios, many bosses, strong RPG elements, good reasons to fight bosses, and great Co-Op gameplay earns this game a huge thumbs up, not even considering the fact it's free. With events, frequent updates, and even more stuff promised it is a great game and I heartily recommend it! The only downside I can think of is the need of 'platinum', money you'll have to purchase with actual money. This should be resolved with rare chances to gain platinum, other than that this game is magnificent. Ignore the metagame score, it deserves much more! Update on this review: Warframe's a gift that just keeps on giving. Currently it has 6 factions of varying sizes, a codex system, a revamped damage system, tons of weapons, 20 warframes to choose from, a variety of missions, a whole starmap to fill, tons of leveling up, frequent updates, frequent events, hidden areas, and at least 8 variations of randomly assembled tile sets. It's an amazing game with a bright future.
game-hours: 456.5
review: Got the game in early may. must say that the game has come a long way since then. content adding has been doen very well and the addition of special events on a monthly basis has made the game a lot less repetetive than what it used to be. the only thing i really dislike about this game is as much as all the essential components in warframe are able to be obtained for free using the crafting feature, there is no possible way to abtain free inventory slots for extra weapons other than the 10 you get from the start. As for controls, they are pretty good, although the vertical wallrunning feature can bug at times. the recoil system is what to expect from a 3rd person shooter but they have made each weapon have it's own recoil trend. Fps gamers will have no trouble adjusting. controls can be changed in game as always but be wary of when you do it as changing in some cinematics will cause a CTD UI has changed several times since the release and the latest one has been the best one yet. the missions are put into a web starting from mercury and spreading to the other planets. the other features in the main menu are placed accross the top of the screen. the UI has several minor and rare problems with locking. Gameplay is really unique. not like any other 3rd person shooters ive every played. there is a good diversity in game types and the leveling system is fair. the game is very forgiving in early stages being a little too easy with an almost extreme bend in difficulty after the first few planets, where it comes to the point where missions may be unplayable solo and will require a team complete, epecially in higher T3 void missions and derelict. Every warframe has its own unique characteristics from health and shields to abilities and appearances, which can be enhanced and/ or altered using mods and apparel customisations found in missions or purchased in store using micro transactions in the game. For a free to play, i must say it has some AAA title qualities in it and can be a fun game to play with friends. you will have to pay a little money down the track if you want to keep all your weapons in the future. Overall, nice experiment. it's coming along nicely, some good features. Content 7/10 Updating 9/10 Gameplay 8/10 Controls 7/10 Graphics 9/10 Compatibility 8/10 Stability 7/10 OVERALL 7.8/10
game-hours: 957.3
review: Been playing for quite some time now, and I keep coming back for more! Awesome Game!
game-hours: 816.5
review: Amazing third person shooter! You get to be ninjas in space! And right when I thought it couldnt get more awesome I found out that this game has the best devs in the world!
game-hours: 13.7
review: free and great gameplay and graphics
game-hours: 1.6
review: amazing cyber ninja game just what i needed for a game to play on steam bored of other games that are fps or sandbox for now
game-hours: 53.1
review: This game combines amazing graphics and fun, fast gameplay into a amazing package. The division between different warframes and modifications available make this game unique. The best part is that there is no pay to play. Yes to get things it gets alittle grindy but its worth it. Well made game with more coming up for it hopefully
game-hours: 57.4
review: good game, nice graphics and a good playability.
game-hours: 0.3
review: its like AC bot syfi ish
game-hours: 154.0
review: Ive spent some time playing MMOs but this one changed everything -Fast Paced Battles -Awesome Graphics -Crafting -Great Community If you want a good TPS MMO give this one a try
game-hours: 608.8
review: GOOD GAME !
game-hours: 761.4
review: free to pay, but pay to win
game-hours: 4.3
review: This game is EPIC.Future ninjas and hacking are a great combination.The parkour in this game is AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 102.4
review: You can look at my game time and I've only had this game for about 3 weeks now. I only played a couple of hours the first week then got addicted to this game. It's a very fun, sci-fi based, robot alien killing, fast paced, co-op game. It does have some features that make it seem like you need to pay but you don't. Here's the run down: You can spam/farm void missions to get in game currency e.g. selling prime parts(from void missions) for platnium anywhere from 4p to 250p+. This game is either wait to get it or pay to get it instantly.
game-hours: 340.2
review: meele is love meele is life
game-hours: 70.4
review: I love this game so much but I swear to yall i am scared to play by myself. I love the fun with me bow. The most important thing i would have to say is that know your warframes before you play the game. It was kinda difficult when i picked my warframe (hint:I picked Volt). It was kinda hard to understand the controls because I have not played a game amazing as this on a PC. I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS FUN THRILL RIDE OF A GAME.
game-hours: 510.4
review: + Extremely good visual + Extremely fun gameplay + Active community(join a clan) + Not pay to win, but pay to look awesome + Free to play ? Extremely time consuming - Bugs, not so bad though
game-hours: 305.2
review: Warframe is a great game. Playing it by myself for a while made it seem horrible, but then I started playing with friends from school. It became one of the most played games in my library. It's a perfect game to nerd out with. This needs more than an hour to get used to and to start having a lot of fun (Unless you're lucky and someone gives you a ton of gear. It is a definitely a game you have to play over a long period. It may take a while getting used to the odd playstyle.(I just wish there was a bit more lore in the game!). This game is absolutely not Pay to Win, but it is pay to look good. Nearly every weapon that can be bought with platinum has a blueprint version that can be bought with credits. I myself enjoy collecting resources and building the blueprints more anyway. Again, great game 9/10
game-hours: 424.4
review: Great F2P game with high quality realisation on most aspects. It can get you hooked to it for hours and you'll find new things to do for a good while. One of the few game where grinding here and there isn't a drag. Also (and maybe I should have started with that) it's a game about Space Ninja Wizards with guns. And you play the Space Ninja Wizards.
game-hours: 17.1
review: 17 hours in and I am not even level 2. The grind is hella real in this game but idk, some people like that or maybe I just suck. Anyways, this game is such a cluster . You got some robot  looking protagonists fighting a bunch of stuff and you get a samurai jack blade and the parkour skills of a 13 year old british boy, and you are suppose to just go out it. I also got butt  over and over when I tried to go to the harder levels. I like it a ton ;)) 10/13
game-hours: 284.0
review: Qualifications for epic game: Space? Check. Ninjas? Check. Ninjas in Space? Check.
game-hours: 471.2
review: Grind?, nah more like. well, grinding i suppose. but never mind that. it's addicting as popping the bubble rap you get your hard ware in. 12/10 would pop that bubble rap again.
game-hours: 46.5
review: ..
game-hours: 662.8
review: WarFrame is a lot of fun whether you like to play Solo or Co-op. It's a Freemium game, so if you don't want to drop some dough on cold, hard Platinum (Paid currency) you will be grinding like crazy. Everything functional can be researched/built/found/won/etc. whereas aesthetics are all Plat-purchased. Game looks great, plays great and is constantly receiving updates and new events happen regularly. Get it, play it. What do you have to lose aside from some time you would have otherwise wasted anyways?
game-hours: 29.7
review: because space ninjas
game-hours: 667.6
review: The gameplay would be better if it wasn't so good. As for the story? HAH! GAAAAAAAAAAAAY! You know what would make this game better? The possibility of playing it while sleeping. At least we can have dreams...
game-hours: 708.3
review: Okay, where to start. To all the people looking at my hours? Yeah I know... I played this game on the website Client alot more before steam. Onto a dead honest review. I have been playing this game from before open beta (Almost a year and a half) and I have seen all of its ups and downs. This will be honest. Back in the day, you would start off with a choice of 3 warframes, either Excalibur (Mr. Coverboy) Volt (An electric Wizard) or Loki (The trickster who loves being invisible) Back at this time, the game was simple. You shoot stuff, you get xp and mods, and you get better right? Well, now, there are 20+ warframes (Or so I think) and their "Prime" versions (Superpowered versions) Certain things avalible in the game back then are not avalible now, such as the Snipetron (Sniper rifle) and Excalibur prime (Shiny Coverboy) These items are now no longer avalible. Ever. Great news huh? There are too many weapons to count, and I own almost every one, and have playtested every one. I own every Warframe (Class) except one. I could harp for days, but lets move to the present. Classes +Non-linear, you can play any Warframe with a sniper rifle. +Each Warframe has its own unique abilities, with some Warframes more suited to tasks than others. +Modability, meaning you can build your Warframe for anything you want, even if it is not reccomended. +Customisation, meaning you can re-color your Warframe to your own wants, even if its Pink. -Very few different skins -Color packs are pay to play -Different skins and helmets are pay to play -There is an unobtainable Warframe (Excalibur Prime) Weapons +Tons of choices, legitly a thousand plus different combinations. +There is a tentacle gun... +Different classes of weapons (Shotguns, Pistols, Sniper rifles, Melee, FRIKIN BOWS) +Customisable, yeah, pink guns mofo. +Modability, modding your guns for different stuffs, yeah! +Most model designs look amazing! -Very few guns have alt-fire -Some guns are unavaible to obtain, like, ever... (Snipetron, ect.) Companions +Puppies! Fuggin' Puppies! +Compainions, such as little robots or mutants (Djinn) to follow you around and shoot stuff -Very few varients (4 dog classes, and 7 companions) -Most are useless in combat, unless putting work into it (Not including dogs) -Dog companions take an amazing ammout of time and effort to obtain Controls +Fluent, non choppy controls +Combo keys for different reactions in-game (Ie wallrun/sliding melee attack) +No input lag even for lower-end computers (You press w and you walk forward god darn it!) +Easy to get used to -Control setup is slightly unorthodox. Level design +Each level is randomly generated from a selection and tileset of rooms. +Each type of faction has its own level designs. +No level is the same. (Unless you have played like, 10,000 levels like I have, and you got one damn one that was the same) -The Tileset of rooms gets repetive -Some areas bug out the map Graphics +Ambient atmosphere when needed. +Physics can be hilarious (I have 10 hrs of playtime just pinning people to the wall...) +Enemy design is intresting (Especially the zombies) +Weapon design is amazing -Low end computers will have to down the graphics... Alot... Economy This is where a checklist is redundant, as I may have to rant. I will start out by saying that "This game is completely free to play, and any item in the game is obtainable by putting work into it, including the pay to pay items" This will hold true throughout my rant, although I will probably complain alot. In essence, this game is run by crafting. You craft weapons, Warframes, companions, ect. There are three kinds of people who play Warframe. There are the legit, F2P players, who get everything legitly, and obtaining P2P items through trading. The second kind of people, (Myself included) are the people who have put money into it, but not extravagant ammounts. Usually $10 to around a top of $300. (This goes out to you, TF2 people.) And then finally, the Wallet-Warriors. Yes, you. You know who you are. You are those people who have put insane ammounts of money into this game in order to have everything you want then and now. (I have a friend who has put well over $1000.00 USD into this game...) Those are the different types of Warframe players. As stated before, this game can be completely F2P, but as in almost every F2P, spending money makes things faster, and gives you an unfair edge. For example, a F2P gets 30 spaces on a maxed out Weapon, while a P2P can purchase an item that gives them 60 spaces on the exact same weapon. This item can be obtained through trading, but can be time consuming. There is one thing that all players do, and that is grind. Hollllllyyyy shiet, 7/8 of your hours on this game will be just repeating the same damn mission over and over to get materials. Yeah... Grinding... Other +Space missions, yeah your in space. +Your base is in a spaceship +The staff of the game are very understanding and focus more on community wants first than their own wants +FRICKIN SPACE NINJAS :D Overall Yes, this is an amazing game overall. The only fallout point is that after playing for a long time, it gets very, very boring. For me? I only play this anymore when I'm asked to by a friend, or if a new major update comes out. (Volt Prime plz? <3) This game is amazing, and I still enjoy it, but not as much as I used to, due to overplaying. 10/10 P.S. If any reader has questions, feel free to add me. I love a good discussion!
game-hours: 100.6
review: robot ninjas in space. what more could you want? 9/10
game-hours: 164.4
review: An awesome game! You can do many  to kill those scrubs. Play with friends to make a  squad and go solo when you are a badass.
game-hours: 14.2
review: Graphics: + spectacular effects + nice animations + varied areas + additional physx effects Sound: + rapid music + great weapon sounds + great sound effects - language only english Balance: + warframes and weapons very different + variant warframes work good in team + many missions can be played solo Atmosphere: + outlandish, dark scenario + very fast gameplay, feel like a ninja + own spaceship as base - weak storyline Control: + easy shooter control + good tutorial + basic skills are easy to learn - warframe and weapon function will barely explained Game Size: + many planets and moons + many warframes + big assortmant of weapons and equipment + different mission types + pvp mode - long farming for new equipment - few enemy factions Level Design: + every area has a own flair + outdoor levels + random obstacles - some maps to big (walk to much) - areas repeat a lot Combat System: + fast shooter combat system + enemys hide and attack from flanks + acrobatic moves - fights sometimes to hectic Weapons and Extras: + crazy weapon systems + every warframe has unique specials + many upgrades + combat dog companion - pistoles little bit weak - only a few weapons has a secondary shoot mode Character Creation: You have a choice between 3 Warframes (ninja suit like robot killing machines AKA; YOU). Each warframe is unique in look and abilities. Excalibur, has a slash dash ability and stun ability. The others use stealth and or mob manipulation. This is something I enjoy about the game as well. You are not into a role or other limitations most shooter have. You can still build weapon from sniper to assault rifles. Once you have a character chosen you can modify it's colors on several layers of the warframe suit. F2P are locked in basic color scheme. But there is enough there to get creative. My sword used a nice red and white. To start, you will be happy with what you have. But you will run across some great looking warframes and that alone makes me want to put some money into customize! The Size of costomize is very good for a FPS game. Most games give you uniforms or character choices. Warframe has logical purchases and very nice looks. You can also change colors anytime in the game. Graphics: The animations create that dark space feel. It is not just corridors and tubes. There are open areas, small areas and Hangers. In Warframe, it is unique as well. The creators really developped a mark of it's own. The graphical setting are really unique and make you feel immersed in their world. You are sneaking in every mission, it also adds that "you are alien, and you are here in a wrong place. They could use just a LITTLE MORE interaction. More "living" elements to the game. Some spot feel abandoned or to cold. But all in all, it makes a great battlefield and perfect game setting. Game Play: You start in a planetary system and move along. As a space ninja, you sneak in at the start of each round and are given orders for your mission via com link. Each time you complete a mission the next path opens up. The missions include assassinating a target. Sabatoging the systems. Rescuing a prisoner. etc. One of my favorite things about Warframe is the map change. You can restart the map and it is a new map with new layout. Same mission! This randomization of maps is very nice. The UI is great. I could be assault that shoots and scoots. I could be mele and slash my way through. The UI is logical and makes use of your warframe. It is a compliment you and battle systems. And the other players Warframe builds compliment each other. That is the one word to summarize this game play: "Complimentary". A great shooter. The map progression is nice with a few places to stop and farm. A few bosses to stop and kill. A few events. You will be traveling the universe and looking for places. The leveling system unlocks new potentials and weapons for you. The game is based around Crafting. You can purchase to advance in the game, but over all it is F2P and requires you play and collect parts to CRAFT the items. Once the game takes you. You will be out to collect as many pieces to build as many warframes. There are several other warframes than the starter frames. To play them. You have to collect the blueprints, and then get the materials to craft each piece. This is true for weapons as well. Grouping is fun. Not just another body to zerg content. Some players can be jerks and just run and rush to the end and not care about the team. All in all. This is a great shooter that supports any kind of FPS role. Assault. Pistoler, bow and arrow. Sniper. Sword. Etc. I have not reached the end game, but my only worry is the rate of enhancements vs Content. If it requires all my cards are maxed and I cannot max them until I farm parts in the lower areas. But it seems everything is fine for the moment. The game seems to progress of the F2P and keeps you end gamers busy in crafting every frame and weapon available and testing it and tryoing out combos Sound: Wonderfull! The sound of the material of your suit sliding across the floor. The little "clink" of metal as you roll and your sword smacks the ground. The sounds of bullet casings dropping after firing. The sound of ambient voices and machinery. Economy and Crafting: Standard upgrades come in drops and rewards. They are like cards. You put this card into a slot on your gun. It has 4 rank slots. To increase the ranks you modify the card by FUSING it with other cards. You can purchase base weapons with in game currency as well but they are the base, the better weapons have to be built or purchased with cash. The enhancing of abilities starts to get difficult after 4 to 5 upgrades. I did not notice an auction house... But there is a trade channel... The currency seems balanced at the moment and the deals fare. You buy out right the parts in real cash, or build it yourself. Combos you add to your weapons. Cold + Poison gas = Poison shock. There are so many kinds of damage and effects to test and build, and try out on weapons. Some deal bonus damage to mutants. Others on robots. You can build in laser armor bonus to get resistant against laser fire. This helps with more laser dealing enemys.Or extra ammo builds for survival missions. Overall: I like this game. Rewarding, interesting, beautiful and a great space theme. It is not perfect. Has some unfair drops rates. Social aspect could be better. I would like to see more living elements in the maps. They already are doing a sort of base building and PvP structure... Sorry for my bad english. This is my review account, because the low playtime. Thanks for reading! If you Like my Review, give me a Thumbs up in Steam. Your help is greatly appreciated :)
game-hours: 430.0
review: Warframe is the most Badass game ever invented by mankind, it features cybernetic robot ninjas with epic weapons. In Warframe you are a rare species called the Tenno who have been in cryosleep for a long period of time, and during this time new factions have been built and are fighting conquests all over the galaxy. As a teeno you must go through each planet node and do each objective to weaken the enemy factions. The combo system is amazing and it only gets better once you find the Warframe that suits you the most. The graphics will most likely give you epilepsy and you won't be able to see due to the lights and motion blur distorting your vision. The free-to-play model used in this game gives no player advantage however this does not really matter due to the lacking pvp in the game itself. Overall Warframe is a good game however you may experience alot of grinding and replaying mission 7/10
game-hours: 513.7
review: Warframe is a cooperative Third Person Shooter which involves a strange blend of melee combat, shooting, and parkour. There, now that we've gotten the standards out of the way, Warframe is a good game, good meaning that it has its pros and it's cons. When it comes to pros, the graphics quality is amazing for a Free-To-Play game, everything stays moderately difficult (and even harder if you play like you're supposed to, you know, 2 or 3 friends all starting at the same time), and the parkour system is very smooth and easy to use, even for new TPS players. Since the last time I reviewed this game, it has changed greatly. Whereas before I was too scared to make a new weapon due to credit and resource restrictions, I've found that resources are much more common in most cases, so I've been free to experiment with guns and find the ones I like. (Latron I love ya baby.) Now I have a set of cleavers, two hammers, a machine gun, rifle, shotgun, several swords, and the list goes on. The best part about this, though, is that, since credits are more easily achievable now, I've been able to experiment without fear of losing much. Also, the way you earn warframes has also changed much. Whereas before, there was a chance that it may or may not spawn once every 5th moon after you've sacrificed your firstborn, now you're guaranteed to get a frame part after fighting the boss that drops them, so I've actually coughed up some plat and now have six warframes, all of which provide an incredible spin on gameplay, forcing you to change your playstyle for each frame. Of course, I've got a favorite, (Nyx I love ya baby.) but each frame is a refreshing take on the game that renews it completely. To continue, the levels are now actually changed. The levels change style depending on who's in control of the planet. Of course, if you play the same planet alot, then you may begin to notice that the levels are the same, but that can be expected of any game. However, it can still be a tad grindy at times, and several of my friends found the beginning of the game too hard a hurdle for them and quit early on due to the upper levels carrying them through the low levels and making the game boring for them, so if you're going to enjoy this game, it's a NECESSITY that you don't play public matchmaking. Players tend to rush through the levels and not allow the lowers to really enjoy the game or even get a kill, for that matter. If you're going to play, you either need to play by yourself or with friends. I Recommend this game, (Provided you've got some friends to play this with.) Zombie Chicken
game-hours: 125.6
review: '' Oh hey there Mister Grineer, how are you doing? Oh thats good, yes, i've had a good day y'know just killin' fools. Been turning them into some mince beef, yeah, so... well... i hope you dont mind but my Valkyr is a bit low on health and you are shooting me so, um, nice knowing you '' ----48 Hours Later---- '' Hello Miss, are you the wife of Mister Grineer? '' '' Why yes I am, how come you ask? Is he ok? '' '' Well, im regret to inform you that there was a Tenno attack the other day at his post. He didnt make it, im sorry. '' *Crying from Miss Grineer* '' Well, I didnt really like him anyway. Do you want to come in Officer? I've just boiled the kettle for some coffee. '' '' Oh, how kind of you. --- Well we all know what happens next, anyway, Chopping fools with a 7 foot sword and mangled body parts. 8.9/10 If you want to join my clan add 'TheGreatWhiteTigger' or join 'ScaledHornet'
game-hours: 32.3
review: I can not believe that this game is for free and its in beta stage it has so much to offer i can not wait till it is fully finished
game-hours: 402.0
review: Fun, fast, free. Great for playing half an hour per day. One-of-a-kind, beautiful character and level design.
game-hours: 438.9
review: After playing this game for a few hours now, I highly recommend you play it, hours of gameplay which I'm still farming for things, it's not P2W but in some aspects it is only having 2 warframe slots out of the 30. But still 10/10 from me.
game-hours: 69.2
review: Played this in closed beta, thinking of coming back. The time I spend with this game was a good time, a really good time. Then the inventory system changed alot and I just couldn't understand it so I left. The combat is alot of fun and most of the time pretty easy. The best thing however are the Ninja Skills/Parkour Tricks you can pull of, like wall-running and at the same time shoot someone's head off. Pure awesomeness. I also like the small cinematic scenes at the beginning and the end of a mission :3
game-hours: 129.3
review: Free to play, pretty interesting at the beginning... But requires a lot of grinding if you don't want to pay for it. I would recommend it - you can spend a couple of evening having fun, but don't expect staying there for too long.
game-hours: 20.8
review: the game its self is a fine game, to me the combat system is good and it runs smoothly. the only thing that gets me is that you need platinum to get pretty much everything, from wepons to other characters
game-hours: 7.7
review: Try this game and stick with it for 1-2 weeks before deciding if you like the game. I really do like this game. The graphics are awesome. The gameplay fast, furious and wrapped in good artistic style (and the gore is.....jolly good). Highly recommended if you like co-op game and or action game. The only gripe is platinums are a bit overpriced though redeemingly you do not need themt to craft anything in game except to buy slots for your weapons and warframes(armored suits).
game-hours: 949.3
review: Amazing game, tons of replay value, outstanding end game content. The game kinda lacks customization but the story makes up for it 100%
game-hours: 34.0
review: One of the #1 FREE games on steam!
game-hours: 574.4
review: Well I wouldn't have 300+hrs on record if it wasn't good. Beatifull game, good community, user friendly, NO P2W, and a lot of fun when playing co-op with friends. 10/10
game-hours: 12.7
review: Really good game it reminds me of mass effect but warframe is on steriods HAHAHAHAHAHA
game-hours: 344.0
review: I enjoy Warframe, i already play it for 2 months and its still fun, while most level have the same look, the bulid of the map changes everytime (with that i mean that, while the same rooms appear, its always random wich room is behind the next door) despite what some people might say, warframe is NOT Pay2Win, the ONLY thing you get with platin (Real Money) is getting weapons & warframes (classes) faster, dekorations,more stuff to customize, and buying slots for more items, and even then, you can buy platin from other players if you have rare items (in most cases, Prime items from the void) as i said, you can get almost everything for free in terms of money, If you try to get Platinum for free prepare to invest alot of time. You want platinum but have no way of buying it OR want to trade with players? even THEN, you still have 2 ways of gaining it, are you creative? check the forums and see if a community event is running, the Winners (not just 1st place) gain some Platin, and the top 3 winner are, depending on the contest, either get thier idea, fanart, or voice added to the game, or are Presented in the Live-Stream you aren't very creative? well then watch the live stream, you can watch a video, right? because you can get 1000 Platinum (around 50 Bucks) just for watching the thier Twitch-stream, that is if you are one of the 3 lucky people (sometimes 4) who get choosen. but hey, free money! buliding weapons and stuff can take up from 12 to 24 hours, and buliding warframes can take up to 3 days. and while the game can get repetitive, the Devs are constantly adding new and fun stuff to the game and include Events where you can win Special weapons and items that you in most cases will only be able to get trough the event. you should give the game a try, it is at least for the first hours alot of fun. Also, The Dev's are F***ing Awesome!
game-hours: 5.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 43.7
review: Been playing this since beta days and discovered it from Polycount forums when they'd announce their project and immediately download and play. If you like FAST PACED, SCIFI, NINJA then this is for you and I recommended it. WARNING: You will get addicted to it and it's a grindfest but not that too much grind like Korean MMOs, newbies can easily pick the gameplay and it has a new tutorial for newbies. They keep updating the game and add new warframe, maps, game modes and weapons. So you'll never be bored.
game-hours: 5.2
review: the game is in awsome,simple as that!!
game-hours: 534.5
review: WHY NINJA NEEED ELE 999/1000
game-hours: 75.9
review: At many times will it be an absoulute grind-fest, but the community is far from toxic(I.E. Very helpful and positive) and the gameplay is very fun. Weapons range from Bows to Kunai to a Giant Greatsword.** 8/10**
game-hours: 210.5
review: best pay to win ever made, it gets really envolving afther you learn about the lore and it actually gets preety adicting. one bad thing about it it's that the multiplayer has WAY too much problems.... ing strict NAT but, if you solve that problem, you're really good to go
game-hours: 25.9
review: This is a great game and its free. The only negative thing is that it can get a little bit repetitive and a bit glitchy. The thing i love about this game aswell is that you don't need a good connection to play it in co-op which is great for me. I would recommend playing co-op after the first few mssions as it gets pretty hard after that.
game-hours: 200.6
review: ONE OF THE MOST FUN AND ADDICTIVE GAMES EVER
game-hours: 1.6
review: Great game! Lots of customization and mods to make your weapons and warframes stronger, lots of weapons and warframs to choose from, fun acrobatic/ninja-type stuff you can do (wall running, stealth kills, etc.) and amazing graphics, even if you turn them down to the lowest settings. Still, have really good internet and a powerful computer, or else you're in for a REALLY laggy time. 9/10
game-hours: 5.1
review: AMAZING 10/10 NUFF SAID NINJAS AND DECAPATATION OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH YYYYYEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH
game-hours: 69.6
review: Flippin ninjas with pistols and machine guns. What else can you ask for? This game brings me back to the days of "Gunz online" but it's so much better and has less hackers. This game will make you lose track of time and wonder where the sun went. If anyone still had doubts that free to play games could be good this game sure clears those doubts. People just need to give it a chance. I only have one issue with it. I don't know how they setup ports in the game, but having to change you router configuration is not fun.
game-hours: 1999.4
review: This is one game I highly recomend: - It's free - It's fast, fun, furious, fabulous, fast paced non-stop action. - It's also addictive, so beware. Just download it and see for yourself.
game-hours: 253.0
review: I like how everything and everyone is a Raiden clone. Raiden/Grey Fox change yo loife.
game-hours: 664.1
review: THIS IS ING AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WAIT TILL UPDATE 14 AND START PLAYING. I DEMAND!
game-hours: 220.2
review: This Game Is Epic
game-hours: 162.4
review: I love this game, it's a blast to play coop with some friends or even random people. The only problem I have is it is not Mac compatable. I used to have a laptop that ran Windows but it broke unfortunetly and I now have a Mac which I recieved as a gift (not my choice really). I know you can run windows on a Mac but I have heard you can run into many problems including running out of memory (only have 4 gigs in my Mac and you can't change it out on mine). I would love if this game became Mac compatable and would gladly drop a few more $ on it as I have in the past. But with the time I had with the game, it was a blast!
game-hours: 632.8
review: Two words. SPACE. NINJAS.
game-hours: 1438.9
review: No joke this game is freaking amazing, i'm mastary rank six and still going. Best game in my game library, takes pure ninja skills to play this game.
game-hours: 156.5
review: Buggy, grindy an overall terrible. I wish I could stop playing this 10/10
game-hours: 1423.1
review: Outstanding gameplay
game-hours: 769.0
review: Don't play it!!! You will get hooked!!!!
game-hours: 6.7
review: Using a bow to reck waves and waves of enemy forces,there are not much game in which u have option of using a bow,"BOW ftw"
game-hours: 1107.9
review: A great third-person (Sci-Fi) shooter game. You can play stealthily or just run and gun. If you like shooting games with fast a flashy combat, then this game is for you and it's free so why not give it a try?
game-hours: 434.4
review: This game is ruining my life and my wallet. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 189.8
review: (03O)
game-hours: 7.7
review: good game its fun and very addicting
game-hours: 953.7
review: This is probably the best Space-Ninja game you will ever play. If you want a quick recommendation, you have it. EDIT: Once upon a time there was a very long page here. Well many many updates later it's safe to say that this game is still growing in surprising and exciting ways. It's still a game that feels that you have to dump a couple bucks into every now and then, but it never feels forced: by the time you feel the urge for some platinum you've probably put a hundred more hours into playing, so why not? Money you spend should be based on the fun you're having, and Warframe is promising to keep entertaining for a long time.
game-hours: 1877.9
review: Space Ninjas? Powers? Guns? FREAKING SWORDS!? The only thing this game is missing is gratuitous nudity... *Crosses fingers* Update: October 28, 2014 So, it's been over a year since I reviewed this game... AND IT'S GOTTEN EVEN BETTER! Where to start... The Dev team is slowly incorporating more story elements, especially for the new players who need guidance as to what they're doing. Part of this new drive was the implementation of the "New Player System" which is a quest to introduce the player to Warframe's basic mechanics while informing you of some of the basic lore. Other quests now added include Howl of the Kubrow to get your very own death-dealing, cuddle-loving furball, Hidden Message to unlock the Warframe known as Mirage, Limbo Theorem to unlock the IMPOSSIBLY fun Warframe Limbo, who can walk on a completely different plane of existence. And, last but DEFINITELY not least, the Archwing. Gundam lover's will just about soil their shorts when they get their hands on this space combat system. Remember the Death Star run from Episode 6? You'll get to experience it yourself. Note for all those interested in the game, if you play for free it CAN be a -very- heavy grind, and wait times on building items can be brutal (3 days for some things). But, if you have some patience, this game's high speed combat mechanics are fantastic. But, if you don't mind a bit of grind, you can even alleviate that some by selling rare mods and Prime parts for Platinum in the player trade system.
game-hours: 747.9
review: Honestly an amazing game. Once you get past the kinda crappy starter gear and into things you like more, it becomes really fun. The biggest pushfactor for most players is the crafting time. Once you get over the fact that you can't always get what you want right away and learn to deal with it, it isn't an issue anymore. Overall, a really fun, unique game. I'd reccomend it to anyone into any kind of action game.
game-hours: 99.3
review: Excellent game - worth downloading, playing, and becoming addicted to.
game-hours: 772.4
review: I absolutely love this game. It is the definition of a amazing free to play experience, although you will need to spend some money to get the full experience. It is very much worth it in my opinion! also supporting indie devs gives you a nice feeling :) But the meat meat of the gameplay is the third person ninja shooter. Being a space ninja ou are very agile and can pull off parkour with ease. the gunplay is satisfying and has a lot of impact with great sound assests make hearing and feeling the pop of a headshot! i cannot reccomend this game enough! but the gripes i have is that the entry level is massive with most of the weapons and frames being very daunting for new player, along with some grind. It could need patience.
game-hours: 932.2
review: I've put over 110 hours into this game so far, I have paid nothing and gotten almost everything in game, worth getting just for space ninja killings.
game-hours: 801.7
review: Warframe Warframe started as a decent co-op shooter. On early beta it had some game breaking bugs, but it felt like it had a lot of potential, that potential is still there and i doubt it will fade away easily. The level design is pretty amazing, the tilesets have as much quality as a AAA title but they get very repetitive with time, the "endgame" void missions can be described as "kill mobs, loot the room and occasionally look for secrets, rinse and repeat", The Bosses started out as pretty meaningful and provided an actual challenge, nowadays they're a means to earn blueprints of specific frames and are incredibly hard, with the inclusion of a specific set of bosses that have a specific weak spot which only works half of the time. The best boss fight is in my honest opinion Lephantis. Every update they release there are more bugs than additions, though most of which get solved pretty fast. The game has become quite a farm fest, earning the game the term "Warfarm". The Devs are terrible at balancing the game, specificly by overly nerfing frames and weapons and hardly ever buffing others. The grinding involved in farming for frames is extreme and is a great drawback of the game. Crafting weapons take usually 12 hours, companions and rare materials take up to 24 hours. the new Archwing takes 36 hours to build, and frames take 72 hours. Its tedious to wait so long for new gear. This New Archwing update is lame, the new tileset in space is devoid of content, its literally the same map. starts in the same place, ends in the same place but has you go through different pathways to achieve your objective. But to be quite honest, i've went on and on about how terrible this game is, but its still one of my favorite games and i have spent up to 8 hours in it alone, playing with friends. It's got its share of  sure, but they still somehow manage to deliver on a great time which is quite a feat, ive not exacly been easy on the examples of how terrible it is. I'm not gonna rate this game on a scale of any sorts, its a great game to spend some time in, but its below average in key aspects and needs improvement, and a lot of it, then again it's still in "open beta" so we might see some positive changes over the course of development.
game-hours: 140.8
review: for me the game is slow so i recommend it to others with fast computers
game-hours: 149.8
review: This game is so much better since update 14, most people have tryed this game along time ago but give it a 2nd chance because update 14 clears up all of the clutter and confusing interface. It is a great game and you should at least try it
game-hours: 697.8
review: This game is the only reason i get up in the mornings
game-hours: 3.5
review: Cool game play and customizing weapon and armor bow kicks
game-hours: 532.8
review: space ninjas. a goofy 'story'. beautiful graphics. devs who care-regular updates/patches/expansions. AND now you can fly in outerspace! 9/10. if nothing else, youll at least get your money's worth so its worth a try. :)
game-hours: 19.5
review: Awesome character designs, fun missions, cool combat mechanics, and as if that wasn't enough, it's free to play, and everything that isn't cosmetic can be aquired from playing the game at no cost.
game-hours: 4.2
review: I've never been that much of a fan for coop fast intense games, but this one is fantastic! It runs with a smooth pace at high qualities and has nice players on!
game-hours: 53.3
review: Warframe a fresh new take on the third person shooter series of games. With futuristic weaponry and characters, I instantly got hooked on the game. Instead of being a PvP oriented game, Warframe focuses on co-op missions. You can team up with up to 3 players, forming a 4 man squad, to eliminate nodes on the map and receive rewards and experience. There is not much else I can say other than "you should definitely try this out." You'll have to experience this game for yourself to realize how awesome it is.
game-hours: 104.6
review: Ever wanted to play as a space ninja? Ever wanted to take on hordes of alien enemies across the solar system? Ever wanted to feel like a compleate badass? Well then Warframe is for you! It' still in open beta so there are some bugs but it's gameplay mechanics overrule them by a long shot! And its free. Get it!
game-hours: 948.8
review: Awesome space ninja hack and slash game. topped off by the fact that it has an awesome F2P model
game-hours: 16.3
review: Fun to play with other people :D
game-hours: 0.3
review: Hej
game-hours: 56.8
review: This seems like a good game. I haven't played for very long, but I beat the first couple levels with a friend of mine. All I can say is that it's a fun game, especially with an xbox controller.
game-hours: 173.9
review: Fun if you can handle some repetitiveness.
game-hours: 43.1
review: MAKE THIS GAME IN MAC PLZ! (not on mac but fun)
game-hours: 1077.2
review: This game is probably one of the best MMOs out there. It's very amazing to play with friends, and just as fun when you solo as well. The gameplay is quite addicting, to the very point that it'll constantly draw you back into the mix if this appeals to you in any way. The beginning, like most games, is quite the grind fest, but once you get past that point, it only gets better. While melee is not the best in this game, they offer quite a wide variety of weapons and Warframes, which signify the classes. The game can get quite tedious, but try to look past that and you'll be addicted just as easily as I am. My only complaint about this game is that there are so many weapons and warframes that I can't have them all because you need platinum to buy slots, which they generously give you 50 to start out with for extra warframe or weapons slots. If you enjoy playing with friends, this is the game to download. Teamwork needs to be handled very carefully or you can end up failing a mission that you could have easily won. While the game doesn't have the best soundtrack, it makes up for it with the ambiance. I'd recommend you to try this game at least once if you are curious about it.
game-hours: 848.1
review: Overall a very VERY good game! Great graphics, epic and intense combat, and well...space ninjas! Aside from some bugs here and there my only complaint is the levels get repetative, but it's not a game breaker for me. HIGHLY recomend this game, it's a lot more fun then it looks, and it already looks really fun!
game-hours: 207.8
review: It's an amazing looking game with great mechanics. I love the feeling of being a space ninja in the middle of a solar system war. I rate this game a 9/10 smackaroos. Unfortunately even on the lowest settings I still get the occasional lag spikes when my computer can't handle the graphics.
game-hours: 515.6
review: This is just like an anime. A really neato anime.
game-hours: 34.4
review: YOU'RE LIKE A NINJA IN SPACE AND  AND YOU CAN HAVE DUAL WIELDING PISTOLS OR YOU CAN HAVE CYBER SWORDS AND  AND WHEN THE GUYS SHOOT AT YOU THEY'RE LIKE PEW PEW PEW AND WHEN YOU GOT YER SWORD OUT YOU BLOCK IT LIKE A ING JEDI AND YOU'RE LIKE ' YEAH 'MERICA' AND THEN YOU RUN SUPER FAST AND JUMP KICK EM IN THE FACE OR DO A RUNNING-SPLIP-N-SLIDE WHIRLIND SWORD THING AND CHOP THEIR IN KNEECAPS OFF AND WHEN YOU'RE ALL SORROUNDED AND  YOU JUST PRESS 4 AND THEN EVERYTHING AROUND YOU DIES AND YOU'RE LIKE ' YEAH 'MERICA' Pros: + ninjas + in space + dual wielding pistols + running slip-n-slide sword whirlind + psychic ninja powers Cons: - actually made by Canadians 1/0
game-hours: 924.7
review: Space Ninjas! 9/10
game-hours: 77.2
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 1040.6
review: WArframe is an excellent game, with a lot of variety and great graphics. I think it could use some more mods, like one to increase clip size, and a few of the enemies could use a nerf, but all in all Warframe is a lot of fun to play, either alone or with friends.
game-hours: 44.0
review: Fun SLICE AND DICE!
game-hours: 28.6
review: Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind.
game-hours: 10.5
review: Great game.
game-hours: 120.0
review: Grind 4 Days
game-hours: 151.6
review: Me and my best friend stumbled upon this game when it was in beta, and it has yet to stop amazing us with enjoyable content and an amazing story. The action is fast paced and will keep you returning kill after kill.
game-hours: 135.7
review: great game tons of features must play
game-hours: 303.2
review: just go and download the game. it's good for an open beta.
game-hours: 656.5
review: This game has more bugs than the whole Fallout franchise.
game-hours: 395.3
review: Even though some people may complain about this game for it's excessive grind or the need to pay money, at it's core its a fun, space ninja shooter. Instead of having the take cover against the enemies, they have to take cover against you. My only complaint about this game would be the excessive grind in some areas, and the seemingly neverending cycle of patch, introduce more bugs, patch again. 7.5/10
game-hours: 193.1
review: I just kinda like that this game lets you KILL EVERYTHING.
game-hours: 208.8
review: Love.
game-hours: 155.0
review: This game is insanely fun. I recommend this game to anybody who likes SC-FI and cyber ninjas. This game is cool saying that you aquire the moves, mobility, and weapons of ninjas. This game is a good third person shooter and it is good for those who are hardcore ninjas. Overall, good game and I recommend this.
game-hours: 91.6
review: What is more fun than being a Space Ninja and killing those pesky little infested with your over-powered Dragon Nikana?
game-hours: 2326.0
review: ,     (    ) ,      ,   .
game-hours: 829.2
review: This game is pretty kubrow. Seriously though. Every kind of weapon you can think of from the past or future. An amazing variety of characters (frames) to suit any play style and each one can be customized to suit you even further. The style is very unique and I love it. Go thousands of years in the future, and place ancient samurai-like warriors on a backdrop of chaos, genocide, and a very mysterious history. Sure, it can get repetitive and is somewhat centered around grinding and farming, but if you're a fan of shooting, slashing, and appreciating art, this is the game for you. Plus the community is great. I don't know if I've wasted too many hours of my life in the ferocious battleground of PvP forums and region channels, or if Warframe's PvE atmosphere is just special, but it is extremely refreshing to consistently run across players that want to help and work together. The dev team, too, is excellent at pushing new content and listening in on feedback from the players. Oh, It's free. There's no reason not to grab some friends and give it a shot.
game-hours: 582.5
review: The base gameplay of "shoot mans" is pretty damn solid and the devs are incredibly quick at releasing new content. Since the game was in closed beta it has become much, much better and very different. The devs even have some more massive gameplay changes coming that sound badass. The only problem I'd say this game has is that they don't balance some things very well (which isn't too big of a deal since its a co-op game and not competative) and the "catalyst/reactor" upgrade system (also not too big of a deal, but can be annoying). In short, the base gameplay is a blast and the devs are incredible at keeping it updated and fresh.
game-hours: 872.8
review: Do you like ninjas? Play this game. Do you like varying weapons? Play this game. Do you like intense faction-based assaults? Do you like dealing out damage inside of an agile "robotic" suit? Do you like having friends watching your back? No? Then you're gay. Get this game scrubs. EDIT; 2/16/15 Do you like tact bosses? Do you like several suits, several abilities, several ways to play? Do you like zapping a trooper and having your friend lift him into the air, slam him into the ground, and wreck him? Do you like color customization? Do you like lasers? Do you like a decent damage strength-weakness system? Do you like community events? If you don't, delete system 32. If you do, get this game.
game-hours: 230.1
review: One of the only games that I can name that makes grinding fun and interesting. For the first week we were so addicted my friend actually flipped his internal sleep schedule by playing through the entire night too many times. He's in warframe rehab now. Still worth it.
game-hours: 18.3
review: It's a really fun free-to-play type game where you can unlock everything for free if you have the time and patience to do so or you can support the game by buying it now. (Not a big fan of Pay 2 win games but i don't really mind). If you have some time off i recommend this game to play with a friend or three and do some missions and/or some defense missions to level up fast(er). Also remember to press "g" to mark moudels and stuff like that :)
game-hours: 5.9
review: Diablo + Mass Effect + Space Ninjas theme = Warframe
game-hours: 2.5
review: gud to play
game-hours: 171.0
review: This is really an awesome game ! You can say that it is top f2p game for now !
game-hours: 1248.4
review: Best ninja themed grinding simulator ever made 10/10
game-hours: 687.7
review: great game :D you must try it
game-hours: 38.7
review: An epic sci-fi hack-and-slash shoot 'em up with an in-depth customization and leveling system along with a myriad of locations to go to build up your character.... The movement, combat and sword play is very fluid... Enemies give just enough challenge.... This game has plenty of content plus it's free to play so there is no loss to not liking it.... XD
game-hours: 313.7
review: Warframe,a game that allows you to run on walls,do parkour,have over 20 characters/warframes,and who can forget space ninjas.Did i mention this was free?No?Well it is,warframe is a good Tps that does take alot of grinding and leveling ,but ends up being fun. Verdict- 8.5/10
game-hours: 1656.0
review: Warframe is, as you have probably heard, all about the space ninjas and is a really unique experience, but what really sets this game apart from the other Free To Play games out there is an incredibly invested dev team which is very in tune with what is going on in their community. I have been playing this game for little over a year and in that time it has gone through a transformation I wouldn't have thought possible exept for the fact that I experienced it first hand. When I first downloaded the game I thought that is was the prettiest game I had plaed that was under 1Gb. It started out as a very small and seemed to be just a curiosity to pass a couple of minutes, but as time went on the devs just kept adding and adding until it really doesn't look anything like the same game anymore. Im not really going to go into the finer details of what the game is like, because if you just look at a trailer you can get a feel for what the world is like and if you want to know more about the gameplay, your best course of action is to just download the game and give it a spin. The constant development and community reachout is the defining feature of this game and the best reason to get into the universe of WARFAME.
game-hours: 725.2
review: BugFrame: U15.x One-line description: Third Person RPG Shooter Action game Short description: A perpetually buggy (98% annoying, 2% game-breaking bugs), but incredibly fun game with very satisfying shooting, melee and movement mechanics, plus extensive, but straightforward (or simplistic) customisation options for all your equipments. Longer description: Something that reads like a cross between player's opinion on the meaning of life and the Federal Reserve's report on rare item drop rates (and GDP growth outlook), after 400 hours of playtime.
game-hours: 23.0
review: Basically a free to play version of Destiny, that came out before destiny. If you want a game thats fast paced & easy to play, and doesn't take allot of grind time to enjoy it then its worth the free install. BUT it is a typical console run and gun with a shinny appearance to hide the lacking of progressive storyline or variance in gameplay.
game-hours: 19.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 1021.3
review: Its an overall good game, but the grinding in the game is just insane. its like Gaben just gave up on the game. Me: Oh allmighty lord Gaben, please give me a blessing Gaben: What kind of blessing? Me: i want that really cool sword Gaben: oh okay, it will take u.. about 132 hours of intense grinding! Me: But Gaben... Gaben: np, i know im to friendly, but u deserve it Me: but... Gaben: now go out and farm! Me: ok... 132 hours later. Me: were is my sword?
game-hours: 356.1
review: Amazing Game, You never run out of things to do.
game-hours: 743.8
review: Warframe is love, Warframe is life. I am addicted. Halp.
game-hours: 1045.6
review: One of, if not, the best free to play games where the devs listen to the community and interact with them and cash shop is not game breaking. A game that gets constantly updated and improved. Space Ninjas Play Free
game-hours: 15.5
review: had joy seizure while playing 10/10 would seizure again
game-hours: 3.5
review: Warframe is a fast paced 3rd person futuristic action game that will keep you glued to your computer screen.
game-hours: 2057.1
review: This game is the best , get in this game and master your Tenno.
game-hours: 67.6
review: Fun Fun FUN!
game-hours: 191.4
review: 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 12.3
review: Awesome as dayum!!! Get it.
game-hours: 292.1
review: not bad
game-hours: 924.4
review: This game is a great blend of melee and fps with fun acrobatics and spells mixed in. I recommend spending enough time to create your own "Warframe" after running through the tutorial to get a feel of all the customization available. This is one of my favorite games, with a great matchmaking system, good loading times and cinematics, as well as skins and colors available for purchase if you want to personalize your Tenno even more.
game-hours: 21.0
review: it so very enjoy
game-hours: 2722.3
review: I've played this game more than any other Free to Play game. The reason is: It gets you into the action immediately Everything is free aside from weapon/warframe slots and Orokin Reactors and Catalysts and purely cosmetic stuff. It looks beautiful Great weapon variety Great playstyle variety Fast Paced action and quick loading times Decent enough community to help you when you need it There are a few issues you should know about: The game is a bit buggy and sometimes will crash (Doesn't happen very often) Anyone who is not a hardcore gamer will be turned off by the large amounts of repetitive gameplay and grind. The game is a bit on the easy side and whatever isn't easy is usually cheap. There's no real balance of difficulty Your favorite weapons or warframes might (or already have been) nerfed to the ground making them almost useless Overall I enjoy the game though and recommend it
game-hours: 0.4
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME ^_^
game-hours: 14.1
review: I love the unique aspect of a multiplayer campaign with multiple mission types. Really makes it a fun and unique experience!
game-hours: 566.8
review: Just Amazing.
game-hours: 639.4
review: Gioco veramente bello, il miglior ftp sparatutto online che ho mai provato, non  pay to win e puoi essere forte quanto vuoi 620 ore della mia vita spese bene :)
game-hours: 1208.7
review: I've played a bit. just a bit it's pretty neat
game-hours: 205.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 1608.5
review: I dont know how this is Free? I cant stop playing it.
game-hours: 298.6
review: This game is a ton of fun. And does a very good job in the free 2 play model. I level up more than fast enough, so I don't feel cynical about being driven toward some clowny "xp booster.' And-- all the good stuff in the game can be researched and built by you. The only thing you 'have' to have real money for, is cosmetics, and extra 'hanger' slots if you can't bear to sell back old weapons. TLDR: It's Chinese Space Ninjas in Space. Flipping out, cutting people's heads off, and being awesome.
game-hours: 143.8
review: This game got my pregnant
game-hours: 987.3
review: Warframe is a fast pace multiplayer first person shooter combining RPG and utilizing a Parkour system that gets your heart pumping even faster. Jump, wallrun, shoot, fly, slash, and climb your way to victory. Their are only 2 downsides in this game in my opinion. Weapon Slots and Crafting. For crafting, it takes 12 hours to craft a single weapon. The problem with weapon slots is that you can't buy them unless you're buying the weapon itself instead of craft them. Leaving collectors with a limited amount of space. Other then those, this is legitimately the most awesome game I'll ever played.
game-hours: 1952.0
review: Fun game. Free. Good graphics. Hours of fun. Btw there adding an tutorial for newer players to know what there doing.
game-hours: 732.1
review: most addictive game i've played in years
game-hours: 190.4
review: amazing, you got to play this
game-hours: 4.5
review: A wonderful Free to play game that doesn't shove microtransactions down your throat. What more can be asked?
game-hours: 206.2
review: space ninja's? Tenaughtaten
game-hours: 7.3
review: Warframe is a very good F2P TPS and has a wonderful community of gamers that are easy to get a long with. The game play is smooth and nice graphics but the only problem is there are a lot of maps that seem like you have seen before, Meaning it seems like there are maps that they used before but just put a few new things in it. Also you can drop a lot of money in the game if you get into it because of different customization for warframs and sentinels. You can also buy weapons with your plat but for the player that just wants have a fun game with not droping a dime there is goos news for you. almost everything you see in the store you can build in game with no real money charges it just takes longer to obtain that item. So i give WarFrame 8.5/10 and recommend you give it a try!
game-hours: 275.7
review: Crazy game.. gotta give thumbsup to the developers.
game-hours: 578.2
review: iz gurd gaem
game-hours: 15.7
review: Yea veery good
game-hours: 22.7
review: 10/10 good
game-hours: 268.0
review: Gotta say really great game, Been playing it since its beta phase and its only managed to get better and better. 10/10 would reccomend.
game-hours: 246.6
review: This is awesome game. Very awesome!
game-hours: 8.2
review: Iz gud
game-hours: 68.8
review: Not my fav but i would recommend to people that like stealth,tower defense,and action.
game-hours: 14.2
review: I absolutley recommend this game - it has a great flow and the pace is extremely fast and exiting!
game-hours: 4.0
review: GI.JOE SEVENLER N HARKA B OYUN
game-hours: 670.3
review: A lot of fun albeit repetitive. If you're looking to purchase additional warframes for plat, don't. It's far more economical to purchase plat during Steam sales or when you get 75% off during a login reward THEN buy the items you want from other players. ...or grind your butt off! Nearly everything is available for free however the catch is that you only have a certain number of slots to store your frames and weapons. You can save additional Platinum by getting items from alert missions. D/Ling the WF Alerts app is highly recommended. Also, Loki is amazing. Choose that frame after your tutorial. The Wikia is your Warframe bible. There is theorycrafting and optimal character building in this game and you'll find this reference highly valuable. Complete maps then do nightmare modes for rare dual-stat mods. Some are much easier than others and you can abort and restart if you get things like "no shields" opon starting the mission. Hit me up in-game!
game-hours: 31.6
review: The depth in this game is surprising, it is very entertaining although the controls can be a little lacking.
game-hours: 580.3
review: It'll make your friends think you have a problem, and your parents will think you're just doing drugs in your room the whole time. 10/10
game-hours: 427.7
review: Great game, time-eater but giving satisfaction from completing a quest or crafting a new frame.
game-hours: 399.0
review: Feels like a full-game, every time I play I forget it's free-to-play.
game-hours: 185.5
review: I have put in nearly 200 hours and still counting. I quite fancy this game. The different environments and classes of enemies bring some interesting variety to the table. All the maps are randomly generated so farming for those materials to build weapons or new frames isn't quite as tedious. Equippable mods can make you that super serious player to kick some bum or that silly player that shoots exploding arrows which just might kill you too. This game is still in beta so things are constantly changing! Whichever your play style, I believe that there is a little bit for most everyone to enjoy this game. Not enjoying it? Try playing with friends! :) 9/10
game-hours: 1.3
review: This game is pretty fun... I did not enjoy it that much but if you have a gaming computer on high graphics? you will not bee dissapoint...
game-hours: 84.8
review: pretty awesome game, lots of things to shoot
game-hours: 119.8
review: yes
game-hours: 409.9
review: Space Ninjas with delicious buns. 40/10, will play until the end of time.
game-hours: 23.1
review: I know this may seem odd, and I love this game non the less. But it felt oddly like Global Agenda, it runs smoothly, overall I can say it is a great game, addicting, time consuming, and fun to play. What's to say that's bad about this game?
game-hours: 352.1
review: Very entertaining, fast-paced action. I love the style of combat as well as all of the customization and the feeling of being unique that back it up.
game-hours: 4.7
review: FUN
game-hours: 368.9
review: Really fun and a good way to be introduced to an mmo
game-hours: 885.6
review: Best free to play game seen in a while.
game-hours: 221.6
review: Space. Ninjas. Nuff said.
game-hours: 862.4
review: This game is a great oppertunity to burn a few hours and have tons of fun doing it. For a game in beta it is fantasticlly built, they have a great community and is in a very fast paced setting. AND ITS FREE TO PLAY! When the developers release an update they pack so full of fixes and additions to the game youd think that they were adding a mod. (But then again a update is basiclly a mod) I enjoy playing this game for two main reasons: 1. the fact that it is very fast paced and requires lots of thinking in the now, because the AI is very sophisticted and reactes accordingly but could get some improvements. 2. the amount of fun that i have just grinding away to get a cool item. I personally spent 40+ hours grinding away to get two really cool items in the game and i really enjoyed grinding that. When i dont know what to do in the game I go and play with my freind the first few missions. Im now going to write about some minor issues in the game :D When i played the tutorial it was preety laggy the first time, so you might want to take that time and change settings Ive only chrashed twice for no appernt issues but on review of those logs my PC stopped two important files from working. But i recommend this game greatlly and i can't wait to see where this game goes.
game-hours: 21.4
review: Ninjas. SPACE ninjas! What more do you expect me to say?!
game-hours: 46.4
review: Its good
game-hours: 11.6
review: Scavenging, shiny robots, fast paced universal combat, it'll get you hooked! I have friends who play this endlessly, and after joining all the hype, I don't regret it. If you've ever played the Borderlands series you'd get a slight feel for it when you notice all of the mods, ammo packs, etc flooding the ground. This game really immerses you into several atmospheres. For those who like to take it slow can go for stealth approaches in levels, adding a booming level of intensity. Patience is key, so be careful not to get caught! Then there is the tanking aspect, if you want to get a mission done quick, ring in your fastest and heaviest fire power, because you'll have hordes of enemies on you! Starting out though, try not to get too intimidated, I recommend tuning into the the storyline, as it can help a whole lot. Bring an experienced friend a long to help! Getting confused and put off is easy, as a lot of the game aspects fly right by you pretty quick. Overall this game is great, you have a long way to go before you end up getting bored because the variety will take you on so many experiences. 8/10
game-hours: 27.1
review: Amazing game, addicting, is definitely not p2w. I love it!
game-hours: 994.5
review: This is honestly one of the best games I've ever played. Ever. It has a very good play style, upgrades that fit every style of player, and graphics that can make many good gaming computers gasp. It is still in development, which means there will be changes and improvements, but that just makes me more excited since it means the game should only get better! I've put in quite a bit of time with this game, and I've been playing since the Beta release. I fully recommend it. It is a FTP that is better than most games I've bought. It supports single players, but is so much fun with a group of friends! The best part is there is no catch with the Free part, it really is all free. The only thing in-game you would ever need to spend money on are aesthetics. There is no content that you would ever need that you have to spend money on. The developers are pretty on the spot when it comes to fixing problems and updates come regularly. They also do frequent livestreams to keep players up to date on upcoming fixes and content. If you are even just a little curious about this game, give it a try! I don't think you'll regret it!
game-hours: 81.4
review: I give Warframe a 9/10. This is what a real free-to-play shooter should be like. I've only found very minor glitches. The graphics are amazing, better than some AAA titles. I recomend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 1014.7
review: great game love it
game-hours: 226.7
review: A very fun RPG with enough incentives to keep you going. There are some issues with Grinding, but for a free game I can't complain much about it. Overall, Very good.
game-hours: 37.9
review: Epic gameplay, massive updates, who doesn't want to play this game?? The first time I played it, it does feel a little bit dull, but now, IT IS AWESOME, like, REALLY AWESOME!! Those who likes to play 3rd shooter better try this game.. It will definitely, blow you to space! :)
game-hours: 344.0
review: this game is awesome. anyone who enjoys sifi shooters. all i can say is get it
game-hours: 70.3
review: Why not play this game when you can work under Cube-Senpai.
game-hours: 163.0
review: XXMLGXX 360 SPACE NINJA TRICKSHOTZ
game-hours: 452.6
review: Best F2P game I have ever played even though there are quite a number of bugs. (Still in closed beta) What are you waiting for? Be a space ninja now, grab a blade and cut enemies into half, wall run and more! :D
game-hours: 10.3
review: It is a cool game i say like you can kill guys and Cool tricks like slide and shoot thats cool.
game-hours: 726.8
review: you should play it. its free and you are a mothering ninja
game-hours: 6.6
review: its fun
game-hours: 41.9
review: I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS GAME IT IS WONDERFUL AND ADDICTING AND FUN
game-hours: 64.7
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 3.7
review: I love the fact that Warframe is a social game. Unless you're kind of crazy, most of the missions require a group to complete properly, and random grouping is easy and friendly. Lots of people in the chat are willing to help out newbies, and the community seems overall very friendly. The game is beautiful, with a sleek and clean space-age aesthetic that is a lot of eye candy. There really is a Warframe for everyone, with a variety of looks, feels, builds and abilities that are as fun as they are variable. There's still a lot of small glitches here and there (not being able to see the color of another player's ship is a current one) but nothing that impacts real gameplay, so that is truly a nit-pick more then a criticism. Overall, if you love a fun flash and bash space ninja game, this is really the one for you.
game-hours: 151.7
review: nice
game-hours: 803.6
review: Game with guns and stuff, blow  up 12/10
game-hours: 1041.9
review: Mechanically enhanced space ninjas with guns.... sounds weird but, works out perfectly.
game-hours: 137.3
review: Pay to admire that warframe bootey, Warframe is a ok and yet repeitive game that involves you grinding for almost hours, also grinding dat  for hours on end.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Warframe is a fun, yet somewhat laggy free to play co-op game. The quality is amazing and the visual design kicks , gameplay is fairly simple (sort of like Mass Effect's combat, but without the cover system and RPG elements) but fun and it's probably the first F2P game that doesnt feel like a rip-off It's good!
game-hours: 471.9
review: Its a pretty fun and cool game, for most of the game you're wildly stronger then any of the enemies and its nice and relaxing. The only downside is that you have to pay real money for almost anything- sure you can skirt by without dropping a penny into the game, but there is still a lot of money grabbing attempts.
game-hours: 1414.4
review: Nice to be played with friends, otherwise, it could turn into a little bit boring.
game-hours: 1210.7
review: Best Space Ninja Warrior/Mercenary game ever. A Must Play game. :D
game-hours: 299.6
review: ing love this game.
game-hours: 871.0
review: This game is purely amazing.I have found myself spending countless hours playing and never being bored.I would recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 202.0
review: Hey this game is great. Good graphics, Fun and addicting gameplay, and it's free. Boom. Perfect.
game-hours: 82.6
review: With the fate of your race in the balance, it is up to you and the few remaining Tenno to push the enemy out of the solar system. 8/10 a lot of fun with friends, gets difficult if you try to take on higher levels alone. The use of schematics to acquire weapons and Warframes makes the feeling of getting new equipment all the more satisfying. Although, if you are not a patient person the ability to purchase the equipment directly through the use of platinum (which is purchased with real money) can help you get the quick advantage over the enemy.
game-hours: 487.4
review: good game
game-hours: 22.6
review: space ninjas!
game-hours: 186.2
review: This game is just amazing! It gets new updates and hotfixes weekly, adding more content for you to play and explore with friends.
game-hours: 4.2
review: Ninjas and swords and lasers and !
game-hours: 19.2
review: i flayed this game 4 1 year and i lost my virginity when i stoped playing
game-hours: 49.3
review: If you are debating wether or not you want to download Warframe, Download it! many of my friends tell me "its to complicated" or "its boring" i will admit i felt a little overwhelmed at the beginnig but i got over it as everything became understandable along with the awesome people you can meet online. I promise you that you will have at LEAST a small bit of fun. Do i recommend this game? YES.
game-hours: 35.9
review: Now this game for free is totaly awesome! not sure id spend the hudreds that you could to be invinceable, but, you can progress and rank up with a litttle help from other warframes, the maps and missions are endless! you could probly spend an unimaginable amount of hours on this game alone, I recomend it to anyone who loves the fast pace, shoot em up, coop and deathmatch type of alien crazy i mean forever mods weapons, and customizability type of game, how it got a 68 is beyond me! free is 50 and a game that works good is atleast another 25 in my book, with the anount of updates, i mean like everyday, these dudes got there #$%^& together, I love it for a free game.
game-hours: 960.6
review: Warframe has cought me by strom i am not normaly in to games like this but this one has me locked down i hope to see great things to come i give this game currently a 8.5/10
game-hours: 52.2
review: I WILL NOT FORGET THIS MOMMENT WHEN IM PLAYIN THIS IN GAME 69/10 WOULD PLAY ANYTIME AFTER DOTO!
game-hours: 657.1
review: great game, i like it a lot and it keeps on updating and constant evolving...keep up the good work ..to the developers. that aside this game is a good team play and solo too. while at start the control seems to way too hard now it seeems decent but way too convinent yet. and u can earn or get ur way though the game without buying and if buying it makes a great progress too but can be outrunned ..so not an pay to win game best part . the game is still in beta so the bugs keeps bothering u tho it is ok for the part of game and all is good ..so can excuse that.. u can play the way class u like mele or ranged or mixed combo ... ITs one of the great free to play games u can go and at beggning doin solo might trouble u ...try pubilc host that would help to get ur way out of it . overall a great game u will enjoy ..
game-hours: 213.1
review: Good TPS. Good variety of weapons although some become pretty useless later on in the game. Fairly free to play but getting reactors might take awhile since they only come through alerts which you either get or miss out on. Warframe alerts is good for that but it's still a you're there or you're not.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Great game, unfortunately once your are a top tier (I am level 16, I am not sure with everything fully leveled you can even get to 17 yet), the game loses a lot of zest. The devs have nerfed the unique role based frames into WarSame.. the loadout matters, that's it.. if you have good mods and are a reasonable player, you only need a handfull of guns and melee weapons.. even amongst the Prime weapons they are not all end game weapons.. many of them are just meh (I have a braton prime that has been forma'ed 7 times, it's still  comapred to the soma, or bolter prime). Grinding orokin runs in the void the RNG is complete , running a mission 40 times to get a lex prime part and still not getting is is rediculous.. According to devs working as intended.. I guess if they want me to spend money and time elsewhere, then yeah it's working as intended.. I could go on and on.. it's a good game, but they need to make some reasonable changes, like a loot selector after so many runs, a real functional difference (think old frost, or Ember, in theory Trinity), Frames should matter more than guns, but fact is they just done.. it's a good game.. needs some love.. Welcome to WarSame.
game-hours: 153.1
review: Space Ninjas and guns. 10/10
game-hours: 68.8
review: This game has so many timers I can use it as a clock. 10/10
game-hours: 175.7
review: This Game is Amazing.. :D
game-hours: 794.6
review: First off I would like to say that this game is super adictive and fun. Secondly if you do play this game or want to start playing the game I'd suggest you look at a few tips and tricks to increase your productivity ten fold. For starters I suggest you get Excalibur, because its the most balanced and easiest warframe to learn how to play. TOP TIP: You just have to get rhino, that warframe just wrecks everything in the way. Overall i do enjoy the game and i would highly recommend it to anyone that likes '3rd person shoot and kill everything in you way with 3 other friends' yeah.
game-hours: 361.7
review: Look, i'll be honest - at the start i had some doubt about this game. 'oh dude, a 3rd person shooter where you grind for stuff!' But hey, it was free, i had time. Never even looked back. Digital Extremes has crafted one of the best games i've ever played, and everything is free! Can you imagine, a F2P game that isn't P2W? Hard to, yes, but Warframe does it perfectly. Not only that, DE keeps on improving and supporting their game with help from player input. Oh, and did i mention the space ninjas? No? Well, go play Warframe and see em for yourself!
game-hours: 761.5
review: This game is awesome and truly free to play. The only thing you pay for is cosmetic items and that's about it. Developers continually listen to the community and add content on a frequent basis. Totally worth the hours you are able to put into it!
game-hours: 449.2
review: i love this it is one of my favorites at the moment
game-hours: 1116.1
review: Amazing
game-hours: 1190.3
review: Nothing like Warframe in the market. Its the best shooter for me. The co-op nature of the game keeps the community friendly and stress free. Keeps me coming back for more.
game-hours: 365.4
review: I really enjoy this game, especially when it's played with friends. There is one thing i don't really enjoy, and that's the thousands of hours grinding for materials for a weapon\warframe. Most of the weapons are single blueprints and take about 12 hours to make, but each part of the warframe blueprint has a seperate blueprint. For eg.: Rhino consists of Rhino Helmet, Rhino Systems and Rhino Chassis. Every single part is a different blueprint and takes another 12 hours to make. If you can't afford to buy platinum, it usually takes about 10-15 days of grinding for the materials for every different blueprint. Doing the math, its 240 hours + 36 hours + the extra 72 hours to complete the warframe, it takes simply 348 hours (14 and a half days) to make a single warframe. But i still recommend the game, but if you don't spend a little money on buying platinum, you won't get very far very fast.
game-hours: 326.7
review: It's a pretty fun game apart from the grinding, Everything is makeable with credits, and trading mods for plat is always a way to make some plat. I would rate it 8/10 l0l ya nan
game-hours: 79.0
review: goooooooooooooooooooood ggggggggaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 431.8
review: Ok, so you are looking for a new game to play? Maybe you like League of Legends, Mass Effect, Hitman or Halo? Well, this one is not anything like one of these......it is all ! Combine any 3rd person shooter, MMORPG with Sci-Fi magic  you can imagine This is what you get: +Tons and tons of new weapons every patch +New Warframe (Character) in every second patch +New mission and rewards everyday +Alert missions every hour ( missions with rare gear ) +Tons of player ready to help newbies in-game +Huge Trade channels and web sites +And, the best free-to-play game there is........anywhere ! Perslonaly, i played it more than 400h in last year, and since the start, it has changed alot. Community has gone BOOOOM over the internet and .... well just look at all the artwork ! So what are you waiting for?
game-hours: 163.3
review: Warframe is an amazing game. Its a third person co-op sci-fi shooter space ninja extravaganza! Its a little slow starting out (if you have the money, i recommend getting affinity and credit boosters), but once you get past the first planet or two, you really start to have some great fun. With a good team and communication, this game offers hours of never ending entertainment. Each Warframe (playable character) offers its own unique play and fighting style. With (Currently) 16 Warframes and 3 prime variants (the 4th, excalibur prime is no longer attainable), over 100 primary, secondary, and melee weapons, and 5 sentinels (robotic companions), this game has massive replayability. The very best part is, its free! So why not try it out? P.S. Dont stop after the first couple missions, I promise you'll find its an amazing game!
game-hours: 48.7
review: (y)
game-hours: 6.0
review: good for try !;x
game-hours: 827.2
review: A very enjoyable fast-paced shooter (when played with others). With the option of stealthy slow solo play as well. Some repetitive maps and scenarios but still with enough variation to not feel "grindy" (until you're trying to get something specific to drop). Can be played entirely free but a little cash injection certainly can boost the fun.
game-hours: 85.9
review: Oh so addictive. And it keeps getting better
game-hours: 360.0
review: Real Depth, Great Game
game-hours: 445.0
review: the best game ive ever played
game-hours: 364.3
review: Throughout my years of gaming I've stumbled across few games that provide such diversity and freedom, we all crave the opportunity to play a game that has almost no limits. Well Warframe for one is absolutely stunning, it provides the player with the feeling of no limits even though it still has a few wich can almost not be noticed at all. Warframe is linear, fun and dynamic even for a game nearing it's last stages of beta, it's quite impressive. The mechanics in the game had blown me away at some point as it has some originallity to it, wich very few developers fail to master. The gameplay itself however makes the player feel truely apart of the whole experience as it has a mixture of realism, fun and fantasy with a twist of sci-fi, it provides the ultimate game experience. Most games have failed at the combination of these elements. The diversity of weapons is astonishing, as it provides almost every weapon type imaginable and more! Another part of the game I enjoyed was the modding system, I found it very easy to use and I also loved the diversity in mods available. There really is almost endless possibilities especially with the elemental combination of mods wich forms new elements. The customization also stood out for me, It gives the player some nice personalization options to feel even more "at one" with the game or perhaps makes them feel more comfortable with their gameplay, strangely enough. The graphics of the game is quite a pleasureable aspect even though it gives some killer eye sores, you know it's all worth it. In referral to the music I really enjoy the action movie feel it has to it and would love to see some more of it, it truely gets you in the "zone". If there is one thing I could add to warframe it'd be a bit of lore. Warframe is free-to-play and almost all in game content can be obtained by the player without having to pay a dime. Warframe is co-operative and provides a PVE gamestyle with a few PVP elements wich are seemingly still in development, and I am quite eager to see the outcome of the PVP system. Warframe also provides players the option to trade for platinum wich is basically only obtained from buying it with real time currency. In short warframe is not a pay-to-win but if you feel like supporting the developers for thier great work then buying some platinum is a good way to support them. But to sum it all up, I strongly reccomend Warframe if you are looking for something new and different and encourage some RPG fans to try it out aswell as those die-hard MMO fans. Keep up the good work I am excited to see what comes next with the further developement of this game! If I had to rate it on a scale of 1 to 10 I'd give it a 7.6/10.
game-hours: 524.9
review: Its fun to play. So many possibilities to play the game. Lots of epic weapons and warframes. No pay 2 win. Ninja's in Space! Need I say more?
game-hours: 4064.0
review: Free to play, Not a pay to win game. *** Fun *** - Wall run (Cool and Very Fun) - Head Shot - Melee - Stealth (just Solo) - Grinding stuff <<<<< If you don't like Grinding this is not a game for you - Modding (Customize) -  RNG (Reward system... ;D) You can Grind for everything in this game except the cosmetic (Color/Alternate helm/Profile icon etc). You can use all weapon, all warframe (Class), all Companion (Sentinel and Kubrow) You don't need to pay for them, You need only time for craft them. (Pay for support the game) Events every month and New update every 1~2 weeks( new weapon/ new class/ new cosmetic ) Forgot about pay to WIN!, Even you have many platinum to buy stuff in market. you still need to play for mods, weapon parts, frame parts.(or just trade your platinum for them... You come to play right? Why pay for them when you play for fun and get stuff?) *** You can trade your stuff to other player for what you want.*** Forgot about hard time for newbie like the old time.(U7 maybe 2013)... Now U15 When you start playing The Tutorial will help you.(Prologue) If you need help for mission just ask in rescuit channel. You don't need to solo.(You need Clan for stuff) I hope my review help you.
game-hours: 27.2
review: One of the best free to play games out there! Nicely done and tons of fun to play co-op!
game-hours: 316.7
review: I went to slide slash someone and they were cut in half vertically instead pf horizontally- 15/10
game-hours: 2152.8
review: Truly an astounding game. Hope it doesn't die off. Everything in the game is obtainable by buying with platinum or grinding, making it possible to earn all items by grinding instead of spending money to get in game items.
game-hours: 525.3
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 7.6
review: love this game.
game-hours: 365.7
review: Ninjas. IIIIIINNNNNNNN SSSSSPAAAAAAAAACCCCEEEEEEEEEEE!
game-hours: 528.8
review: It's free, it's fun, it's available for PS4, it's a bit of a grind though. But despite it being in full release it's still in a Beta state. Not in a buggy way but in the way that they add more and more content every month.
game-hours: 114.9
review: every time i play this game: " chop chop motherf**ker!!!!!! "
game-hours: 338.4
review: Warframe is possibly the best free to play game out there. This game offers a monotonous experience for those who love the grind, that will leave you amazed at how replayable it is. I find myself coming back to it month after month as they continue to add more content. It's free. What do you have to lose?
game-hours: 12.5
review: misto
game-hours: 64.3
review: Very polished game. Pretty much Borderlands meets metal gear rising. Class selection is phenominal. Weapons are great. The 4 player co-op is exeptionally smooth and is very fun.
game-hours: 247.9
review: This game is a very very very muthain exiting and thrilling game leaving you on the edge of your goddam seat and the graphics/visual effects are equivalent that of in sex. THESE VISUALS SO GOOD, MAKE YOU WANNA SLAP YO MOMMA *WHACK* (Samuel L. Jackson approves this review)
game-hours: 438.5
review: For a "free" game, not bad.
game-hours: 27.9
review: You ninja and you cut . 10/10!
game-hours: 158.1
review: Warframe is a game, a game with farming, adventuring , and endless runs in the void. This game will eat up your hours with its clash of clans like building system, I mean holy  forma.
game-hours: 13.6
review: This is probs one of my fav games in my library. Cyborg Ninja? Check! Sneak? Check! Guns Blazing? Check! SPAAAAAAAACE! Check!
game-hours: 719.2
review: One of the best games I've ever played. There is also so many thing you'll be playing it a while. AWESOME!!
game-hours: 659.7
review: Simply put, one of the best free to play games out there in more than one genre, not only the vast ammount of content and missions FULLY available for you even if you didnt spend a bloody dime on the game make up for hundreds of hours of gameplay, the vast and colorful variety of weapons that let you obliterate, decimate (looks into a dictionary) tear apart... eww, more stuff like that! plus the wide cast of characters that are ALSO completely free (given you play missions, gather materials blah blah blah rpg elements) this game puts everything at your reach, you only have to play it! oh yeah one downside... get GeForce or GtfO (jk but you ll probably lag during the massive skirmishes)
game-hours: 9.0
review: Beautiful game with tons of fun Co-Op gameplay. Pick it up, it's free.
game-hours: 154.8
review: For a free game, it's pretty good with its gameplay and graphics. Kind of similar to the Destiny game. Beside it's heavy micro-transaction based nature, everything else is awesome. Most of the cash item can be forge with a little more hunting. Of course there are cash item that cannot be forge or purchase with in-game currency. Conclusion: Good game for people that like grinding. Bad game for people that have short attention span.
game-hours: 1169.0
review: Before you read this reveiw, you must consider these questions three: Is the game worth my money? Is the game worth my time? Are the developers in touch with the community? Now that you've done this, I will read your mind and answer three questions you have about Warframe. "Is the game worth my money?" I will dismiss this question out of hand, as a simple glance at the price will answer this. "Is the game worth my time?" This is where it gets tricky to answer. Warframe isn't for everyone. There's no underaged kids telling you that you're a "Haxxer," there's not very much math involced, and worst of all, there's precious few instances of acronyms and/or bizzare phraseology with which to confuse new players. In all seriousness, however, there are problems with Warframe's delivery. The gameplay itself is fun, the perfect blend of fast and tactical, with enough customizability on Warframes and weapons to allow a broad variety of playstyles. The troubles come when not playing the game, however. A new player, after slowly acquiring the blueprints and materials nescessary to build a brand-new Warframe, will suddenly find themselves faced with an intimidating three-day wait until it's done, and Warframe makes it very clear that a little cash will make it go faster. When I first built a new Warframe, (It was Ember, if I remember correctly,) I rapidly went from excited to depressed to angry to saddened. To the new player, this wait is an annoying wall that stands between them and fun, a barrier placed by malicious and evil developers who hate all manner of fun and enjoyment. Fast forward to a few months later, when this once-new player has three Warframes they need to rank up, two waiting to be claimed, and another building. Although Warframe's enforced waiting period seems like a cheap money-grab at low levels, it becomes less and less meaningful to a patient and determined player as they progress. However, this is really the most important thing about Warframe. If you arn't patient, if, like Veruca Salt, you "Want it now!" then Warframe will probably irritate and annoy you. If you have the patience to stick with it, however, you'll find a fun and entertaining game with a good variety of gameplay and weapons. "Are the developers in touch with the community?" If you've made it to this part of the reveiw, you should get yourself a cookie. Once you've done that, I'll answer this question. Yes. The developers, Digital Extremes, is very in touch with the community, releasing fairly frequent updates and devstreams. They keep a good touch on what the players want, and do their best to deliver it, with only a few instances of failure. We're not likely to see the next Cube World/Stomping Land in Warframe. In summary, the only drawback of Warframe is the patience required to get started. With that said, however, it's free, so why not try it out and see how you like it? See you in the game, Tenno.
game-hours: 563.1
review: Review time: So this is a pretty good game, problem is it doesent really explain what to do, as a newb to this game 1.5 years ago I was lost. if you find that you are in this situation then I guarentee that you will hate this game, it has no direction and the mindless killing doesent really have much replay for the first Frame/Weapon and starter planets, but with time and persistance and a little bit of spending "creddits" for better gear then I guarentee that you will enjoy the massive ammount of weapons to choose from couppled with warframe abilities. Warframes are easy to aquire and weapons are really cheep for the most part, farming for monney is easy to do as long as you have someone in trade chat carry you to a high level mision for easy monney. Finally for a last opinion, I would despite all I have said get in a guild and play with people, this game is not meant for solo and playing with a squad of 4 is much more fun than sticking it out by yourself.
game-hours: 525.4
review: This is a game that takes a bit of getting used to, but once you're in you'll love it. Rushing around doing parkour and shooting bad guys feels good, and the abilities of each warframe can feel awesome when used right. Take the time to learn the game and you'll find yourself immersed in one of the best free to play experiences on the PC right now, and it's only getting better.
game-hours: 316.9
review: Warframe presents a fast-paced, immersive and cooperative gameplay experience. Warframe is an OTS shooter or OTS hack-n-slash game, depending on the player's preference. Players construct from a generous library of weapons and warframes, which are essentially ninja space-battle suits, each of which drastically alters the game's play style. In this way Warframe is a highly customizable experience and makes way for player specialization inamongst their squads and clans. Warframe is a cooperative game. Though players can run missions and accomplish most goals by themselves or with internet randoms, the game is much better suited for squads (maximum size of four) of friends who can work cooperatively and communicate verbally via external voice comms. Each mission balances itself according to the size of the squad playing it, but the best challenges and rewards are only realistically available to larger groups. Warframe places new players directly into a series of tutorial missions which comprehensively explain the mechanics of the game. Because of this, Warframe's moderate learning curve is very easily mastered. This game's soundtrack is appropriate and envigorating, but the true artistic strength of the game lies in its graphic design. The visual effects of battle and the tacit graphical base of the scenery and setpieces compliment each other and afford an immersive combat experience. Warframe is appropriate for novice and mature gamers. Though the game is free of any age-sensitive content, the violent nature of the game may not be appropriate for younger audiences. Previous experience with FPS and combat gameplay is recommended, but not strictly necessary. Warframe is free-to-play, driven by optional in-game purchases. All story and gameplay content can be unlocked via gameplay, but players can at any point obtain nearly any item in the game in exchange for money. This does not inhibit gameplay or diminish the enjoyment of others, as players do not compete and one's overall rank is only improved by game time. Warframe can be played casually or hardcore and is worth considerably more than the time it takes to give it a try.
game-hours: 2.3
review: This is a Great Game for the Die-hard Ninja's that are out there slice and shoot em all
game-hours: 496.4
review: Life? whats that?
game-hours: 479.5
review: This game is one of the best free to play games out there, especially with freinds :)
game-hours: 5.3
review: I dont know why i like it but i find my self very attracted to this game
game-hours: 19.9
review: it ing sucks  so i recomend it
game-hours: 1369.5
review: Highly recomend this game to anyone who likes fast paced action, generous F2P games, and a nice upgrade system. The game can get a bit grindy at times though.
game-hours: 207.9
review: they need to work on it atm i cant play will not let me get on to the game as if i put my password were it is incorret good and fun game i hope they can work on it
game-hours: 1707.3
review: This game is really awesome !! However it's a "Grind" game so, if you don't like collecting items and re playing maps this is probably not the game for you. It's a 4 player mission co-op game. You find blueprints, craft new weapons/frames and level-up to get stronger so that you can advance to new arias. Anyways, Like it a lot. Heck, it's a Free 2 Play game ! Give it a try ! --- Rating: 7 / 10 "Steves" + Gaming feel - Repetitive gameplay
game-hours: 319.8
review: grind so much i thought this game was ur mum 420/69 IGN 7.8 too much space
game-hours: 371.9
review: Great game, just started to get into it! So far it's been a very good experience for a free to play game.....
game-hours: 158.8
review: Its quite repetitive, however the amount of work being done to the game constantly is what makes it so refreshing. Since I started I have seen overhauls and great work being done to gameplay and mechanics. Its a great game, but it is slightly grindy. Also, if you get a dog and aren't able to log in for some time, the dog dies.
game-hours: 1111.9
review: Do you play action games? Do you like science fiction? Do you like shooting things? Do you like collecting loot? Are you broke? If you answered yes or no to any of these questions, you should be playing Warframe. It is the epitome of a successful F2P game. The devs are dedicated, inventive, and care about the game in ways that show they're invested in it, and the game universe and lore itself. It's the pinnacle of cooperative PvE. It's probably the most enjoyable MMO I've played. There is no reason you should not be playing this too.
game-hours: 2836.6
review: SPACE NINJA AND MAKING STUFF DEAD! Also F2P done right for once.
game-hours: 792.7
review: wars
game-hours: 104.4
review: It is one of the bast free to play game i have played!!!!!! so get it!!!!!! no harm of you do not like it because it free. (: i hape you will like it baceuse it a great game and it has space ninja!!! as i said get it. :)
game-hours: 445.3
review: Beauty and awesome 3D models. A lot of weapons and fun missions. It's so amazing to be as a Space Samurai ninja with machine guns!
game-hours: 1577.4
review: damned good game
game-hours: 103.1
review: ToP KeK GaMe
game-hours: 73.8
review: i reccomand this game.Its super cool :D
game-hours: 19.9
review: l'unico gioco online che mi attira...non per il multiplayer o per il coop..solo perch questo gioco ha delle varie missioni da svolgere e finire..consigliato ovviamente a chi piace il genere ;)
game-hours: 1473.7
review: The Metacritic score is way off. Warframe is a great game. Nearly everything in the cash shop can be acquired by simply playing the game. It's a satisfying romp that feels like a mash up of Devil May Cry/Gears of War gameplay with Halo/Mass Effect themes in small parties like Borderlands/Left 4 Dead. Very enjoyable, though the first 10 hours or so may feel a bit slow. Crafting your second Warframe is when the game really opens up.
game-hours: 788.5
review: SPACE NINJAS, what els do you need to know.
game-hours: 524.9
review: Its fun to play. So many possibilities to play the game. Lots of epic weapons and warframes. No pay 2 win. Ninja's in Space! Need I say more?
game-hours: 4064.0
review: Free to play, Not a pay to win game. *** Fun *** - Wall run (Cool and Very Fun) - Head Shot - Melee - Stealth (just Solo) - Grinding stuff <<<<< If you don't like Grinding this is not a game for you - Modding (Customize) -  RNG (Reward system... ;D) You can Grind for everything in this game except the cosmetic (Color/Alternate helm/Profile icon etc). You can use all weapon, all warframe (Class), all Companion (Sentinel and Kubrow) You don't need to pay for them, You need only time for craft them. (Pay for support the game) Events every month and New update every 1~2 weeks( new weapon/ new class/ new cosmetic ) Forgot about pay to WIN!, Even you have many platinum to buy stuff in market. you still need to play for mods, weapon parts, frame parts.(or just trade your platinum for them... You come to play right? Why pay for them when you play for fun and get stuff?) *** You can trade your stuff to other player for what you want.*** Forgot about hard time for newbie like the old time.(U7 maybe 2013)... Now U15 When you start playing The Tutorial will help you.(Prologue) If you need help for mission just ask in rescuit channel. You don't need to solo.(You need Clan for stuff) I hope my review help you.
game-hours: 27.2
review: One of the best free to play games out there! Nicely done and tons of fun to play co-op!
game-hours: 316.7
review: I went to slide slash someone and they were cut in half vertically instead pf horizontally- 15/10
game-hours: 2152.8
review: Truly an astounding game. Hope it doesn't die off. Everything in the game is obtainable by buying with platinum or grinding, making it possible to earn all items by grinding instead of spending money to get in game items.
game-hours: 525.3
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 206.2
review: Very fun game as soon as you get the hang of the multifaceted interface options.
game-hours: 48.5
review: So, for those of you looking at this game, take heed. This is a free to play game, and while EVERYTHING (Except some vanity items) can be obtained without paying any real money, it still is a difficult game to get ground on as you have such limited space and the grind for anything in the game is long and hardly enjoyable after a few hours of the same mission over and over. If you are still interested, read onwards. You play as the equivalence of a space-ninja, with different suits with special abilities, guns that do awesome things, and of course, epic melee weapons. You have a pick of three suits at the start. Most suggest Excaliber, since he's the easiest to play (And trying to unlock him otherwise is so annoying), however I picked Loki at the start. This game really makes you think about what weapons and suits (Called Warframes) you use, but doesn't punish you for straying from the Tank/DPS/Support/Niche builds. As I said previously, I played Loki from the start, pouring 5$ into the game to get a melee weapon called the Obex (I wanted to punch guys in the face, okay?) which, both choosing Loki and Obex had me ridiculed, I didn't regret it. I teleported around the battlefield, used clones to keep myself alive, and again, punched guys in the face. I joined my friends clan and found the game was deeper than just punching guys, as there were giant wars between ingame factions, assassination attempts on yourself that made missions terrifying, and the epic grind for mighty gear. This lead me to have great times with my friends and their clan. Then...I ran into a few problems. A lot of missions use reformated versions of the same maps, enemies become generic, and the grind for gear is sluggish. It took me 17 tries to get all the blueprints for my second suit, Valkyr (Who's super attack makes her invincible and punch things) by fighting this one boss over and over....eventually after that the grind to get the materials for the blueprints themselves took longerl, then the grind for ingame money to pay to start the crafting.... Face it, with any MMO you are gonna grind a lot for good stuff, but here at least you're a space ninja, right? Wrong. You may be a badass space warrior, but stealth sections in the game are partially broken, as enemies will detect you irregardless if you are an invisible Loki, and stealth attacks aren't always insta-kill as they are advertised. Some enemies are so beefy stealth is the only options which is super hard unless you are playing a frame made specifically for stealth (Ashe and Loki), especially in missions where you fail if you are detected (I played during some Red-thingy event and got a free scarf). Even with all the typical problems most games in the genre has, this is a unique treasure and I would play it some more if I wasn't already into 5 games right now. I'd give this a 7.5/10. Oh, and by the way, they totally ripped their Infested from Halo. Just sayin'.
game-hours: 1090.9
review: The game without the bells and whistles is just one hell of a grindfest. But dammit it's a good one. New tutorial, constant expansion of the game, and evolving storyline makes this a great game to add to your library. The game does start very slow however and takes some time to get moving. But when it does, it'll take a while before you stop. Did anyone forget to mention it was still in beta? Best free-to-play game i've ever played.
game-hours: 665.5
review: I love this game !
game-hours: 53.8
review: Real solid MMO shooter with great battle mechanics and fluid movement.
game-hours: 53.0
review: Love this game, dont understand the official critics low scores, I would recomend this to anyone!
game-hours: 622.9
review: Surprisingly good for a co-op shooter. Everything that Global Agenda should've been, in actuality. Bring three friends, blast it up. Bear in mind that everything within the game can be obtained just by playing - spending money is only a shortcut, if anything.
game-hours: 446.6
review: 450 hours on this game it is EPIC honestly get it and dont dismiss it at the start get a braton with a decent serration you will love it (add me ign sonicv6)
game-hours: 1418.0
review: Good game. Keeps things interesting with events and different circumstances they constantly bring out.. And constant updates to weaponry and activites make this a very good game to play. Key features and the best parts are.. the variety of weaponry and modification, and the warframes themselves. Negative features are.. The maps themselves have clearly copied and pasted areas. Once you see 2-3 rooms in a map, you've seen it all of that template. All in all, fun game with friends, i've wasted so many hours myself on it; but what would make it perfect is new maps that aren't full of copy and pasted areas, and a new race other than the corpus or grineer and the infected. Mix it up! =) ------------------------ Well, 1,000+ hours later in the game, there are some things that need to be said. DE, the devs, have a bad habit of ignoring bugs and glitches and visually unfinished models that they implement into the game and make decisions based on how much plat they will make out of the game. If you find a farming method that is anywhere near effective, it will be nerfed. If you find a system that works, it will be changed. If you find anything that makes you feel good, they will usually take it away. I'm not speaking personally on this, but all the decisions DE has made, make it painfully clear that they are only interested in how much you pay up. I mean, fair enough, but sometimes they make one too many wrong decisions, and piss a lot of people off. They don't think about their fixes, they don't understand 'repurcussions' or the what their "fixes" do to the rest of the populace. Also they just released jarjar binks as a warframe. lmao enough said there.
game-hours: 125.7
review: Space Ninjas.
game-hours: 5.8
review: Very cool parkour/alien killing :D
game-hours: 1105.4
review: If you haven't played this game you are seriously missing out, guns techno-ish ninja robots, various kinds of missions weapons enemys and loot and it keeps growing, EVEN BETTER ITS FREE TO PLAY - you can get pretty much everything in the game without buying in game currency. this game is going to be HUGE so get in on the action now
game-hours: 643.8
review: Great Game, fun to Play, Fast Grapicly impressive, not like anyother game that i have played and wanted to put so much time into.
game-hours: 18.8
review: awesome game you should check it out
game-hours: 496.5
review: Has space dogs.
game-hours: 1602.2
review: Well paced game. If you stick with the game past the first couple of planets then you find the game opens up for you significantly, by which point you should have a fair grasp of the basics and functions
game-hours: 427.9
review: Love the grinding/unique gameplay this game has. Would recommend it to anyone who doesn't mind earning their things the long way.
game-hours: 430.7
review: For anyone looking to play a fun, rewarding game that is free, I'd recommend Warframe. Hours of gameplay, going through different planets, doing alerts to get nice things. And it's also really fun to play with friends. So yes I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a cure to boredom. So have fun.
game-hours: 94.3
review: Warframe is a game where you play as a space ninja. You get to kill stuff and hang out with friends. Basically it plays like Gears of War and Ninja Gaiden. Pros: -Controls are solid, gameplay is very addicting and entertaining -Not pay to win, but pay to advance. -LOOOOTS of customization options -Friendly and helpful community -Active dev team who listens to the community Cons: -Lots of grinding -Feels repetitive over time I strongly recommend you grab some of your IRL friends and play locally with them.
game-hours: 3.9
review: 4/10 Kittens
game-hours: 464.3
review: Space Ninjas with guns! Homg!
game-hours: 204.4
review: Bewbies.... :3
game-hours: 1831.1
review: This is most likely one of the best 2014/2015 games there are.Lots of content and constantly adding more while fixing the small bugs or things theydont like along the way. Big thumbs up to the community best ive seen in years,(polar opposite of the CS Go one)people are generaly really nice and helpfull. Give it a try. See you on the battlefield
game-hours: 54.0
review: The game shall take up much of your time but its all worth.
game-hours: 31.8
review: this game is so fun but challenging
game-hours: 451.9
review: Overall opinion: ING AWESOME what did you expect its MOTHERNIG.SPACE.NINJAS.WITH.MAGIC HOW IS THAT NOT AWESOME
game-hours: 82.3
review: Its becoming more and more P2W. But. The Gameplay. Is ing rad as hell.
game-hours: 247.3
review: Its very nicce game! I love it!
game-hours: 976.1
review: This game is just amazing. The graphics are amazing and the game mechanics are superb. I have been playing for a year and im still hungry for what this game has left to put out.
game-hours: 928.7
review: This is an amazing game if you just want to sit back and have a good time slaughtering everything in your path! Beginer players might have trouble at first figuring out the market and modding system, but there are in game tutorials and internet tutorials to help with that. Warframe is constintly puting out new content about every week, and usually on wednesdays so veteran players like me keep getting new content to keep us working at it. I currently have over 400 hours logged into the game and im still very much enjoying it! Overall once you figure out how to do most of the beginer stuff it is a very relaxing game. If you want you can sit back and do easy missions, but if you in the mood for more of a challenge you can face off against players around your skill level. Some of you might say that all free games are pay to win, however I havn't spent a dime on this game and i still get the items that people pay for. You see there is a big trading system that players trade items for the currency that cost real money. It works out very well. If you read this whole thing I sugest you start downloading this game right now and have days upon days of fun!
game-hours: 1969.2
review: Please send help, I want to live life again.
game-hours: 2261.9
review: This game has so much to offer any type of player as far as I am concerned. I'm quite biased though (look at my hours) I think it has something to offer everyone, it's free give it a shot. But it is a bit of a grind to begin with.
game-hours: 110.2
review: This game is free... so hell yea, play it. Tons of planets to explore, so many missions to do, and it's difficult to do solo, you'll definitely need help for many of the missions. A crap ton of upgrades so you can fully customize your build and loadout for any one of the warframes, which there are also a ton of. A handful of pets and sentinels to help you out, c'mon what more do you need? IT'S FREE! This game is lightyears ahead of a game like destiny in terms of customization, gameplay, and multiplayer. However, even the barely there story in destiny is better than this game, and the pvp in destiny beats the pants off Warframe. The only thing these guys could have done better is create pvp servers that didn't lag out completely and attempt a story line, but you can't win em all, and these guys certainly have nailed most of the categories. Graphics 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Weapons 10/10 Customizability 10/10 Social aspect 8/10 Multiplayer 8/10 Story 4/10 PVP 2/10 Also, if you can afford it, kick some cash towards the devs and buy some platinum, this game is too awesome to not pay something for it. BUT, if you do buy platinum, wait til you get the 50% off coupon from your login rewards.
game-hours: 20.3
review: Do you want to feel like a space ninja? Then this is the game for you 5 stars
game-hours: 208.7
review: good and relaxing game!
game-hours: 186.0
review: FREAKIN GAME IS AWESOME
game-hours: 524.8
review: If you like getting a double headshot with a bow and arrow while doing six flips in the air then this is the game for you.If you dont like these things then consult your docter for you are mentally ill.
game-hours: 310.3
review: One of the great F2P Games out there ! Not P2W at all ! everything can be earned with in-game cash/items !
game-hours: 78.1
review: Hello fellow warframers! I am just a warframe salesman selling "Grakata Cheese." The price of my cheese is only 500 platnium for one block or 400 platnium for a bag of shredded. Buy my cheese before it goes spoiled NOW!!!
game-hours: 1142.9
review: This game is space ninja themed TPS, it has parkour moves, guns and fun abilities. It has nice visuals even on a low end PC, and even the visual design is good. It is a little bit grindy and repetative, but if you like the theme you won't mind it. It's not pay to win, it's only pay to spare your time (but then you get left out of the fun). The only drawback for this game is the bugs. When old bugs get patched new ones appear, so if you haven't played a buggy game for a long time, this one is not for you. But most players can live with the game's bugs, bec they are usually not annoying.
game-hours: 177.6
review: 11/10 a F2P version of destinty which also offers a lot more than destiny.
game-hours: 702.0
review: Good Game, but somewhat buggy
game-hours: 16.3
review: awesome game
game-hours: 316.9
review: Warframe presents a fast-paced, immersive and cooperative gameplay experience. Warframe is an OTS shooter or OTS hack-n-slash game, depending on the player's preference. Players construct from a generous library of weapons and warframes, which are essentially ninja space-battle suits, each of which drastically alters the game's play style. In this way Warframe is a highly customizable experience and makes way for player specialization inamongst their squads and clans. Warframe is a cooperative game. Though players can run missions and accomplish most goals by themselves or with internet randoms, the game is much better suited for squads (maximum size of four) of friends who can work cooperatively and communicate verbally via external voice comms. Each mission balances itself according to the size of the squad playing it, but the best challenges and rewards are only realistically available to larger groups. Warframe places new players directly into a series of tutorial missions which comprehensively explain the mechanics of the game. Because of this, Warframe's moderate learning curve is very easily mastered. This game's soundtrack is appropriate and envigorating, but the true artistic strength of the game lies in its graphic design. The visual effects of battle and the tacit graphical base of the scenery and setpieces compliment each other and afford an immersive combat experience. Warframe is appropriate for novice and mature gamers. Though the game is free of any age-sensitive content, the violent nature of the game may not be appropriate for younger audiences. Previous experience with FPS and combat gameplay is recommended, but not strictly necessary. Warframe is free-to-play, driven by optional in-game purchases. All story and gameplay content can be unlocked via gameplay, but players can at any point obtain nearly any item in the game in exchange for money. This does not inhibit gameplay or diminish the enjoyment of others, as players do not compete and one's overall rank is only improved by game time. Warframe can be played casually or hardcore and is worth considerably more than the time it takes to give it a try.
game-hours: 448.3
review: LOVE it :D
game-hours: 921.6
review: ,       ,   ...  .       ,      .  ,   ,    ,   ,    .   ,      ,       ,        ,   .       ,    .   4 ,    ,      ,     ),   , ,   , -   ,      ,   50 , ,              ,   !      ,      .    ,     )))
game-hours: 24.4
review: gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 1280.9
review: one of the best co-op multiplayer games i've ever played.
game-hours: 1177.4
review: Alright so this is a highly recomended game! It's really fun.. and awesome :3 So join me on the game ahahaha Ninjas play free ;3
game-hours: 110.8
review: muito bacanudo =)
game-hours: 990.4
review: It's amazing
game-hours: 558.1
review: OH! YEAH this game is a a aswome! there tons of level a lot or friends fun and the feeling is amazing look you need to build stuff to make some weapons that you can buy only in cash there are some weapens for cash to but the point here every body should play it if there was a lot of player it will be ton of fun except that warframe have clans(that you can create rare suits and weapons with it) they want you to play with friends so go now dawnload it and have fun
game-hours: 96.1
review: Warframe is a third-person,free-to-play,co-op game where you can run on walls and kill things with ninja stuff. Oh and you're a Space Ninja Warrior. If you have read those 2 lines that means you're already downloading the game. Good luck!
game-hours: 6.7
review: You know that weird girl in the corner of the class? Your friend told you that she likes you, but everytime you look at her she smiles and look away. Then when you got the chance, you approach her and start talking to her at the school out and you think: "wow she's really nice, didn't expected that!" After sometime you look at your watch and realise that 7 hours flew away with you spending time with her. And when it's time to goodbye, she says: "I really like you, if you want to spend another time with me, just call ;) " And then, without warning, she kisses your lips and walkaway. Day after day you ask yourself if it was real or just an hallucination, and you keep thinking of her all the time just trying to see another opportunity to see her again. Well... this game is this girl :D
game-hours: 211.0
review: Fabulous!!! <3
game-hours: 637.7
review: The amount of time you can spend playing this game is impressive. It is a very well made game and I don't regret the time I put into it.
game-hours: 80.3
review: The porn mods are excellent. But this is not why I am here. This is THE best RPG of all time with the exception of Final Fantasy VII.
game-hours: 2651.0
review: Very well done game, very fun to play with friends and a steady release of new content. This game has great re-play value if you like 3rd-person shooters.
game-hours: 5.4
review: awesome game ..!!
game-hours: 808.9
review: What to say about this game...i've played this for a long time...a -really- long time, way back in the beginning of its alpha, and its really grown since then...there are consistant updates that keep everything fresh and new, and fast-paced third person shooting/ brawling that most people would be interested in...but as much as I love this game, thats sort of where the bright sides end... The game, in its nutshell...is a huge farmfest, thats it. You earn mastery rank (basically an account level) through levelling gear, which unlocks missions, weapons and gear for you until about rank 7, which, as is expected of the community, they will look at this and think how they could possible perfect this system, and they have...you farm the same mission, over and over again, usually either defense (you have an objective to defend from oncoming waves) or survival (you defend yourself from oncoming waves while keeping your oxygen supply up from drops from the enemies and capsules which drop). By the time you're about...say mastery rank 4+, you will be doing the same old thing, in the same place, the same way, and if you're not brainlessly farming xp for a warframe or weapon, your farming materials, to make another weapon/warframe to farm xp for them. On the other hand, the farming methods means you get diverse weaponry that you are forced to use, instead of clinging to a single weapon like a life-line and never leaving it...until you realise just how bad 80% of the weapons are...come on, this game has rocket hammers, glaives, chainsaw whips, lightning throwers, beam-rifles, quad barrelled shotguns and yet...almost non of these weapons can by used by the end, with the "end game" rifle being the SOMA Prime. Next up is warframes, and what a selection you get... warframes are the classes of the games, and there are over 20 to choose from, and their abilities differ from creating clones, going beserk, summoning water tentacles from the floor, balls that turn into black holes etc. etc... but again, too bad 70% of them are dwarfed in terms of useability, with most high-end groups refusing anyone who isn't on the "good warframe" list, and just to prove my point, should you get this game...just count, how many times you see a "Hydroid" warframe...800 hours and i've legitimately seen 3 hydroids. In a game with 22 different warframes (at this current time) why are only 6 or 7 are viable? The paying system is what you'd expect from any F2P app, the simple "pay to make things more convinient" take on it, with weapons taking 12 hours to craft, and warframes taking ATLEAST 3.5 days to make. They are nice to begin with, they give you some starting platinum, only about enough to pay for the cheapest warframe there is, or to increase your warframe/weapon slots a couple times. I can't complain with it, if you have the patience, then you won't have to pay a penny. Its difficult to say how I feel about the developers...yes, its good that they are coming up with updates on a regular basis, that they're trying to keep things fresh, but they have a horrible habit of releasing a new weapon, making it overpowered so everyone will buy it and items to upgrade it, then nerf it in a weeks time when everyone has got one, claiming they were fixing it. This wouldn't be a problem if this didn't happen consistantly over the time I played it. In conclusion, despite these things, the game...is oddly fun, even with its mind-numbing goals and sneaky tactics to part you with your money, and being free to play, it wouldn't hurt to try it out, and there is some joy in being an overly-powerful space ninja destroying waves of space clones/merchants or zombies. P.S. This is simply my opinion on the game, some of my knowledge on the game is slightly outdated but otherwise, this should be fairly accurate.
game-hours: 46.0
review: Seriously. Stop reading these things and just get the bloody game, you wont regret it + its free! 10/10 (could be 11/10 even)
game-hours: 142.8
review: Game is awesome. The cash shop is fair. fast, fun and crazy.
game-hours: 1.7
review: Probbley one of the only free to play game i like. a bit of grinding but it makes up for that with really good gameplay
game-hours: 12.8
review: The graphics are better then i could've ever hoped for. It's like a mash up of halo and destiny. I find this game very interactive and intriguing.
game-hours: 17.0
review: It's actually a fun game (Even though my escape button doesnt work) to play with your friends Or if you don't have any then yeah
game-hours: 758.7
review: Dear fellow gamers, For years, I played this game. I joined in when it was at update 6, now we are waiting for the update 16. I watched how it was developed from a simple normal game to a masterpiece. The devs were adding lightshows, new content, new features, new playstyles and even greater optimizations. They were doing so much thing with this game, that its just nostalgic to remember back how was it back than. The game is hard when you play it first. It is hard, like you can die anywhere at anytime. Than you advance and level, the game becomes harder, but you become better and than it becomes easier and filled with more and more action. Than you make new weapons and frames. My first choice of frame was the Rhino, the Boltor, and the Dual-Ether blade. Slowly you become the best of the best and seek new challenge. Higher type of enemies, than even higher type of enemies for even better stuff. Than you go for the towers, the enemies become harder to kill. The scrub remains scrub, but they add these little -chops enemies which makes your life ten dozens time harder. As you advance you begin to see that the Ai is not just a stupid clone-brain anymore, it thinks and makes a tactic against you, which will still mostly fail. -> it is the rhino who steps in the room first, you will understand why Than you wish to go higher, do mmo type repu for these freedom fighters or just for those green guys. Than you realize you need a prime and you want to farm it, than level it, than polarize it. Than you reached your meta-status, one frame over-the-top, with high-end-tier of weapons, you are the mass destruction in galaxy. Well, you can have a sentinel, or a pet, or just do archwing missions. But most of all, you can try out other things. In other mmo-s, there is the meta and the rest of the useless stuff. Here, you are the meta. If you do well, victory is yours. If you do the very best, it will be an easy fight. If you are the meta, you can step into the greater challenge. Also, there are pvp too. As you advance, you gain things. The game is free to play, but there are things closed down. Like two-warframe slots. But as you advance you can get platinum, through daily alert, or just trade. But if you wish to have more and more, you can do that without. As your mastery level increases, the slots increase too with it. The more you try out, enjoy and play, the more you can do. It is great fun for me, though I know it wasn't for some of my friends. There are those who like the gameplay style and there are those who don't. But I tell you it is worthy of your time!
game-hours: 164.1
review: AMAZING!! Gameplay is awesome, graphics amazing definelty a game I love. 10/10
game-hours: 113.1
review: I hope you like farming!
game-hours: 1.4
review: Good.
game-hours: 699.7
review: Warframe is by far one of my favorite free to play games. The art style and combat is very unique as well as the general gameplay mechanics.There are over 10 warframes "The space ninjas" you play as and has over 50 different types of unique wepons. Although they are already many wepons and frames new updates keep coming making the game endless fun. The community is quites funny and interesting as well as helpful. The makers of warframe (Digital Extremes) listen to the players feed back and keep adding new thigns as well as fixing bugs. However, with all these pros in place there are some things that take away from this gaming experience. The fact that the maps are repetitive and many of the mission require you to do are the same, some may leave this game for a while. But after while and you return it will be filled with new goods. I would give it a 8.0-8.5/10. And way not try is. Its FREE!
game-hours: 151.7
review: Best game ever. 15/10 would bang.
game-hours: 393.4
review: One of the best F2P MMOTPS games i've ever played. Most other Online FPS i tried don't come close to as good as this game. Became addicted to it and play it regularly now. Try it you will be hooked!
game-hours: 1124.6
review: Hands down the greatest F2P 3rd person shooter/dungeon crawler with energetic gameplay and loads of content. Digital Extremes live up to their heritage with this unique, eerie and vibrant world, which they diligently develop at a pace that should be envied by most F2P developers. Try it. If it's your thing, you'll love it and stay for a long time. See you there, tenno. ;)
game-hours: 14.1
review: executing jews is even more fun in space
game-hours: 19.4
review: Melhor Jogo. S Baixe.
game-hours: 16.7
review: asum game lov it
game-hours: 605.3
review: If u are into heavy grind yes,the more this game is around the grind is getting crazier,graphic is nice,combat system is nice too,this was originally pve oriented game and since changes implemented by pvp happen it kinda started loosing its soul for me atleast....If u have excessive time to grind stuff obsessively this is a game for u.
game-hours: 466.2
review: IT'S GOOD.
game-hours: 317.9
review: I liked the game while it was still fresh. But challenge, it ran out. All fights felt flat, no enemies posed any threat, the whole gameplay is turned into generic mass destruction with no need to use any brains. But what killed it for me is constant updates, which featured nothing but weapons and frames - new ways to kill old, helpless enemies. Uncool, bro, uncool. Still, I recommend this game to those who haven't tried it yet, just mind that if you're not into mindless repetitive grind - you won't be here for long.
game-hours: 33.2
review: unofficial mdk 1 sequel
game-hours: 147.2
review: Amazing detail, story and gfx. But I feel like im never happy with my : weapons, suit etc. I am constantly grinding to get better stuff only to get better stuff to grind further to get better stuff. The story line is great and the universe too, details and gfx are insane, but yea: when will i be content and have some fun just not trying to get better stuff. SO my point is this game looks and is amazing but you will never stop and just enjoy you will always be trying to get better stuffs.
game-hours: 1421.9
review: INSANE ! (Creator)"Hey I got an Idea let's take the awesomeness of every MMORPG, FPS, TPS, RPC, and Melee slashers. Cross timelines with anchient yet alien martial arts weapons use actual katas and combine it into one game. " QUESTION DO YOU WANT HELP WRITING A SCRIPT ! THIS NEEDS A 4 HOUR MOVIE. Here is an Idea I'm just going to spit ball. The Anchients beings of pure energy bring all of the frames to earth one each. They need Earths help,Earth has recources needed to help the Teno in exchange the government wants tech and is willing to help by donating the soldiers who are willing to become the first to be outfitted with Teno bio suites (this means designing new frames which will be added to the game after the premiere) So the ANcheints knowing they are in a position to save Humanity from destroying itself make the deal on the request that we decommision all nuclear power sources and weapons (we need to anyway) So with teno technology in a month the earth is free of everything nuclear and toxic to humans people are getting healed ect... And the Soldiers are getting trained . THere are get to know them scenes ect (first two hours) then a friking 2 hour battle you could split the humans up with the Tenos so many options. I DONT CARE IF IT IS ANIMATED THIS GAME NEEDS A MOVIE LOL
game-hours: 646.2
review: WHY!? WHY HAVE I WASTED THIS MANY HOURS OF MY LIFE!!!!
game-hours: 1.4
review: Warframe is a fun, yet somewhat laggy free to play co-op game. The quality is amazing and the visual design kicks , gameplay is fairly simple (sort of like Mass Effect's combat, but without the cover system and RPG elements) but fun and it's probably the first F2P game that doesnt feel like a rip-off It's good!
game-hours: 471.9
review: Its a pretty fun and cool game, for most of the game you're wildly stronger then any of the enemies and its nice and relaxing. The only downside is that you have to pay real money for almost anything- sure you can skirt by without dropping a penny into the game, but there is still a lot of money grabbing attempts.
game-hours: 1414.4
review: Nice to be played with friends, otherwise, it could turn into a little bit boring.
game-hours: 1210.7
review: Best Space Ninja Warrior/Mercenary game ever. A Must Play game. :D
game-hours: 299.6
review: ing love this game.
game-hours: 871.0
review: This game is purely amazing.I have found myself spending countless hours playing and never being bored.I would recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 202.1
review: Hey this game is great. Good graphics, Fun and addicting gameplay, and it's free. Boom. Perfect.
game-hours: 160.8
review: One of the best F2P games i have played in a very long time! 10/10
game-hours: 644.6
review: Its one of those games in which your think at first 'WTF am I doing?' but as you go on you discover a very well hidden gem.
game-hours: 5.5
review: ing get the game you drugatic
game-hours: 1624.2
review: I've been playing Warframe for quite some time, and it's by far one of my favorite games. It has the feeling of a fast pace shooter game, but with a unique feeling of individual player abilities and customization. Amazing graphics and decent community. With the different mission types and hundreds of weapons, there's always something to do.
game-hours: 7.5
review: I likey the game!!! Look at my play time.
game-hours: 180.3
review: This game...Whewh.. The deveolpers arn't lying aboyt the "evolving" si-fi world (updates almost every week with new suits, weapons and fixes) the deveopers always listen to your requests, and everything is 100% free....EVERYTHING. Game runs well on low end and still looks awesome, on high end it looks next gen, not a year younger, but 5 years ahead of other graphics. The game engine is amazing, never lag (exept when there is more than 60 enemies on screen, thats when you drop 10-20 fps.
game-hours: 3.8
review: MI HOY MINOY
game-hours: 990.3
review: I leik eggz
game-hours: 2.4
review: Its a good game.
game-hours: 3.6
review: for free this game is really good thats all im saying
game-hours: 320.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1344.8
review: Space Ninjas in space with ninjaing and space and did I mention space ninjas? Somewhat addictive, high quality (for a F2P game) action shooter with a high focus on mobility (no covering system, everyone). I highly recommend every living gamer to at least try this game once.
game-hours: 49.8
review: This game was awesomness, but its too hard for playing single player.
game-hours: 175.4
review: One of the best games ive ever played :D
game-hours: 50.9
review: Pretty fun game ive spent hours playing it on my laptop
game-hours: 33.9
review: Its rly fun to play and for a free game it has a lot of graphics! :P
game-hours: 85.5
review: Is fun
game-hours: 588.8
review: Mixed opinion on this, the gameplay is great, with the wall running the brilliant animations and the series of characters you can play with that all have their own abilities. HOWEVER, the developers have used a tile system so after a while the maps get repetitive and they all look the same, that said the enemies are also reused and the only change is their lvl scaling, this game Is mostly for those who have nothing they'd rather be doing and just want to stab things with a sharp discus and shoot an arrow into something with a helmet 5 times bigger than the actual head(seriously knock off the grinners head & helmet and the head is actually a regular sized head.
game-hours: 239.9
review: One description of the game: Grindy Another description: Epic
game-hours: 456.0
review: Played quite a while back and it was an awesome game back then. Haven't even finished reinstalling it and I know I can easily recommend it. Hands down one of the best F2P games out there with a lot of replayability.
game-hours: 5.6
review: One of the best games I have ever played in my life, the only downside to this game is that the only way to get platnium is with real money, when I first played it I thought after each level you get more platnium but you don't, but still EPIC game.
game-hours: 590.1
review: THIS GAME IS SO AWEOMS!! I was like SHWING!! SLASH!! BAM!! BOOOM!!! Them died.... BUT I WAS REVIVED!! THEN I GO SLASHHH SWISH BOOM KABOOM! Mission Complete.
game-hours: 377.1
review: Want to be a space ninja with awesome looks and abilities killing everything? This is the perfect game for that.
game-hours: 177.3
review: this is a holarius game its fantastic tell everyone about this game. the mulltiplayer can lag somtime but its the best game ever
game-hours: 108.0
review: i love das game m8
game-hours: 0.9
review: from what I played so far in it. it seems like a pretty solid fast paced third person shooter.
game-hours: 667.0
review: this game is fun, for everyone who loves shooter or leveling up the character colors can be customized and theres like 20 characters to choose from, of course after farming the items needed, some need quests, some only items from bosses/etc theres multiple game modes, well... missions xD survival, defense, rescue and some others, so everyone would have something from it but its better to play it with friends! because you will feel weird otherwise xD maybe thats just me though haha theres soooo many weapons to choose from... including BOWS <3!!! and melee weapons from axes to huge swords and scythes and staves and a few more types i like everything on this game, and the boss fights are fun as long as you are not too high level haha, then it gets stupidly easy, but then again theres high level missions too cons: -there should be more bosses, theres 1 boss per planet, and theres about 10 planets i think there should be more than 1 per planet, or a boss-arena mode XD -most people who play this game just stick to what they heard on some forums about whats the best equip... they really dont have their own style, kinda stupid to me -i hate the new flight-mode, sure its all fast and stuff.... but i hate that type of games normally XD so i try to avoid all flight missions not sure what else to say, the game is just awesome, try it yourself, it doesnt hurt BTW!! everything in the game can be bought with in game money/items well okay, with real money you can skip the 12 hours waiting time for crafting other than that real money in this game?? more for stupid people hehehe you can even get more weapons with in game money than you can buy with real money, so if you prefer games where you can buy(cheat) your win, this is not the game for you thats it! thanks for reading -Sophie Phantomhive----
game-hours: 393.6
review: its hard to believe that a good game can be free. No, wait. i spent all my money customizing my tenno.
game-hours: 158.1
review: Warframe is a game, a game with farming, adventuring , and endless runs in the void. This game will eat up your hours with its clash of clans like building system, I mean holy  forma.
game-hours: 13.6
review: This is probs one of my fav games in my library. Cyborg Ninja? Check! Sneak? Check! Guns Blazing? Check! SPAAAAAAAACE! Check!
game-hours: 719.2
review: One of the best games I've ever played. There is also so many thing you'll be playing it a while. AWESOME!!
game-hours: 824.7
review: I have have been playing this for more than a year. The developers have improved this game massively. This game has great potential and the upcoming update 15 will make it way better. Go warframe!
game-hours: 589.9
review: Space ninjas, guns, death and not a potato in sight!
game-hours: 536.3
review: When I first downloaded this game, my first thought was: "This game you cannot solo, and act like rocky." however as I progressed on through the game, and got better frames, and weapons & just in general better experience with the game I soon realised with the right setup you can solo anything if you put your mind to it. I loved this game so much that I spent 95 on the Loki Prime Acess package, soon after that I bought 5 kubrows and probably spent around 550platinum on them. Soon after that I stopped playing and left all my beloved Kubrows in Stasis where they would be safe (This was before they added "Consign to lotus" ability) 3/4 months later I came back to this game to find that 5/6 of my Kubrows which I spent platinum on had been removed, so I had been left with 1 fully grown one and 4 other baby ones (none of which I payed plat for) - So I contacted the support about this issue, and they deleted the logs of me ever owning those kubrows, and ever spending platinum on them. They deleted the Kubrows and said there are no logs of me owning any kubrows. This made me stop playing the game which I loved and spent so much of my money on (P.S I am 16 going on 17 and do not have any income so nearly 100 is a lot for me). This game has a great community and this is why I keep coming back to it, and enjoy playing it. It improves a lot, and as the game improves it adds new challenges for you to conquer with your friends. If you are lucky you can join an already made clan (I wouldn't suggest starting your own clan as it costs a lot of items to make a decent Dojo) - But if you join a pre made clan, and they're active and kind, and they help you out with missions and stuff, then stick around until you improve and help some of their new members out. The clans on here are really fun to be apart of, as they are able to attack a sector on the solor system and it brings you to a fight with the current clan/alliance owning it.
game-hours: 16.0
review: Pick this game up at all costs and play it, but please make sure if you purchase anything on this game with real money, make sure you will receive the items you buy ingame with the platinum (which you get).
game-hours: 79.6
review: Super !
game-hours: 638.8
review: RNG Simulator 10/10 will continue to farm for one specific item for 1000+ hours
game-hours: 93.8
review: Un exelente juego
game-hours: 117.4
review: The game itself is good, but it's got a few annoying aspects unless you pay, such as only having 2 slots for warframes, meaning you have to sell others to make room. I hear the in-game market is good for getting the platinum (paid currency), but you would need something people would want to buy to have any chance at getting the platinum. It costs 20 platinum to buy a warframe slot, and I would suggest you never buy the warframes straight out. Depending on the warframe, it can get quite pricey, even if you take into account the other things it comes with. Real money - paid currency rate $5 gets you 75 platinum, and only 1 warframe I believe is this cheap. Some warframes cost near $25 or more to buy straight out.
game-hours: 85.7
review: Going to play some more of it.
game-hours: 5.3
review: There's something in this grindy game that is so addicting, I can't stop playing. The graphics are great, the music good enough, the gameplay is amazingly fluid, I can't believe it's a free to play game.
game-hours: 72.1
review: great game
game-hours: 287.1
review: its like all 3 game at once mass effect, ninja gaden3, and mirrors edge
game-hours: 50.4
review: Best game EVER! better then destiny in my opinion and the only thing i dont like about it is that when you get your Kubro you have to be constantly online. But once you start you cant stop!
game-hours: 525.2
review: Ninjas, blades, bows, superhuman abilities... what else do you want?!
game-hours: 3169.2
review: Space ninja potato farmer
game-hours: 10.0
review: Best not only Free to Play, but better than a lot of games that actually cost money.
game-hours: 227.5
review: I started playing this game way back when it first hit steam and let me tell you, there wasn't much to be had there. It was a great concept and didn't seem like anything more than a coop thing. come into the last year or so and this game has made amazing progress and the fact that practically this game is 100% free given the fact you can trade items for Platinum (game credits) to which you can use to speed up timers, buy those aesthetic items or bluerints. You don't have to actually spend money for this game; but I can almost guarantee you will want to at some point. Warframe Login rewards will occasionally reward you with a 50% off coupon + free Plat on Platinum purchases to help regulate Plat flow in the markets, and give you a taste of what Platinum can do. Again Platinum is not needed for everything, as most things can be either farmed or bought with In-game money. But some things Will require Plat either excluseively or to help expedite things. The Core gameplay is somewhat grindy, as you'll be running missions for dailies, clearing planets to uncover new ones, gathering materials to craft new gear or items, or even gathering gear itself. Recently, updates have changed how Melee works and have also introduced Clans and PVP. Future updates are told to bring actual space play involving Jetpacks. TL;DR try the game. It's free. You could spend money if you wanted, but it's not needed. For a current gen game that has online play, free, goals and objectives, why not try it?
game-hours: 1.4
review: Nice game !
game-hours: 442.6
review: Recomendo muuuuuuuuito, quem comear a jogar e tiver com dificuldades, pode me pedir ajuda ou me adicionar la, TheHex
game-hours: 87.5
review: Just Play This Now ...
game-hours: 10.9
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 87.1
review: Said to myself: "I'll play just for a couple hours" Ended up playing 10 hours straight 11/10
game-hours: 265.0
review: Tis Be but a magnificent game worthy of the gods like loki (pun intended)
game-hours: 480.7
review: its okay i guess.
game-hours: 1310.0
review: dog breeding aliens that jump 10/10 would purchase again
game-hours: 35.9
review: This game is really great mainly because EVERYTHING can be obtained without giving a penny to the developers. I'd also like to mention that this game etches the word "GRIND" into your brain like a fatboys crack addiction. I don't have a problem with the grind because I'm used to grinding away on games and I'm also sure that lots of other people won't mind either. Going onto the topic of the games virtual currency, Platinum, which can be bought and then either be used to buy stuff from the market or the player auction. DON'T expect to get very far in the player market unless you have platinum to spend or have some damn good mods for your gear. The only downside to the trading aspect is that weapons and a few other things aren't tradable (although I can kind of see why with mastery rank limitations, ect) Recently Digital Extremes made a new beginners walkthrough so don't miss out on that great tutorial which teaches you some good things to know. The developers keep up with the games development and if something isn't working, it usually gets fixed in about a few days. Overall this is a damn good game and would recommend anyone looking for a grind. EDIT: I'd also like to say that this game is WAY out of beta and should have been "released" in update 10. 11/10 ~Zeroeh
game-hours: 615.1
review: This game is awesome ( to me ) lots of guns, lots of missions, tons of stuff to do, can feal like a grind some times if you really want something graphicly its amazing plus nearly any computer can run this with no effort
game-hours: 741.6
review: very verry very fun :3
game-hours: 14.3
review: Grind to get items to grind with, to grind some more
game-hours: 14.1
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 769.3
review: Its a great game with an nvidia card and friends, ive played since early beta and always end up coming back again and again! Lots of content and fresh ideas keep the repetitive gameplay from becoming stale, sad to hear most review critics gave this a harsh review without getting into the high teir content =( . The developers listen to the community and i recommend it greatly, if you dont enjoy co op games then its best to just go play COD and other generic rubbish. (thanks for reading add me if you like and ill help you out) p.s any dark sector fans will recognise a few tenno and wepons too!!
game-hours: 1.3
review: If you like the idea of Mass Effect's combat as an online open-ended co-op shooter with a massive amount of maneuverability and free movement control and customizability, you'll love Warframe.
game-hours: 777.8
review: Warframe is a really fun Co-Op game. There are many weapons as well as several different warframes to fit your play-style (stealth, offensive, defensive, support, etc.) Weapons can be easily obtained if you really put your mind to it, people who say that the game is all about grinding are probably wrong. Yes, it takes time to build weapons. Yes, you need to obtain certain materials to craft something. But in the end, the game gets easier to obtain weapons and other items. I've gotten most of my stuff from just crafting them, there's really no need to waste money unless you're just not in the mood to craft or "grind". Overall, the game is great. The mechanics are really cool, gameplay is responsive and smooth, graphics are great, and the developers really put alot of effort into the game with many updates and events. The game keeps getting better and better. I'd recommend this game for people who like fast paced third-person shooters and don't mind taking their time crafting weapons, warframes, or making research projects for your clan.
game-hours: 437.6
review: Fun Shooter version of Diablo, Digital Extremes is good about updates and listens to the community. 8/10 though the game is still in beta. Written as of Update 12
game-hours: 12.6
review: The game is great but..........................I dont know what to say more...xD
game-hours: 131.0
review: It's got a lot of grinding from where I stand, but grinding isn't so bad when you're being a space ninja, slashing and gunning down enemies and soaring through space like a one-man army of death. Addictive could very well be an understatement about this game.
game-hours: 480.5
review: If you like futuristic games then this game is for you! Its awsome!
game-hours: 1444.8
review: This game brings the gameplay style of Mass Effect 3 Multiplayer into a new set of worlds, with much more comprehensive missions, and hundreds more weapons. I've been addicted to this game since I first layed eyes upon it. Join up and fight!
game-hours: 43.7
review: AWESOME, JUST 160 HOURS OF PURE AWESOMENESS!!!
game-hours: 397.7
review: I had a review before, but I felt like its time to completely redo it, now that I am more experienced. So, we have Warframe. What is warframe? You are a Tenno, basically a space ninja-samurai-thing, and you have to restore balance to the galaxy. By that, you go around killing different factions, gathering their resources, to build more weapons to kill them all again. It's a loop, and if you don't like the gameplay or grinding, than this game has nothing for you. There is a tiny amount of story, but the game revolves around gameplay heavily. So, what are the three factions? -Grineer, an empire of cloned soldiers, who are genetically decaying, and who you'll probably be fighting the most. They are heavily armored, and prefer brute force. -Corpus, a conglomerate of merchants, who do whatever they can for a profit. They have armored helmets, but are mostly lightly armored, and they prefer to use robots and other tricks. -Infested, space zombies. They are infected by a virus from an old war, and kill whatever gets in their way. They are lightly armored, and usually swarm you. There are also the Orokin, but they just take some units from all three factions, and combine them all, which you'll be facing in the Orokin Towers, where you'll be spending most of the endgame. There are also a multitude of weapons. Some of them are better than others. For example, the Soma and the Soma prime spew crits like crazy. The Boltor Prime does pure damage, and the Latron Prime is very accurate, and very ammo efficient. There are constant wars over which is better, but it usually boils down to personal preferance. Modding can be a bit tricky to get used too, but there are builds online, and it's not too hard to learn. There are also Warframes, which is basically your class. They al lhave different stats (Health, Shield, Armor, Movement speed, and others), and different powers, which reflect what their based of (Necromancer, assassin, paladin, etc.) They take a while to farm, and 3 days to craft, but some completely change your playstyle compared to others. So, what about the gameplay? As you are a space ninja thing, you have a large amount of abillities, which include: Wallrunning, rolling, lots of melle attacks, wallrunning and shooting, sliding, sliding and shooting, slide melee attacks, and some others. You use all your abillities, weapons, and powers, along with three other Tenno, to run around maps, and kill everyone in sight. You've probably also seen it was free to play, so you're wondering "Is this game Pay2Play?" Well, my answer is a complete NO. Th eonly things you can get with only the premium currency (platinum) are cosmetic items, and you can get platinum from trading, so anything is available with dedication. All the game changing items are available for free. The community is great. Aside from some heated arguments (Boltor Prime vs. Soma Prime), they answer questions, are generally polite, and if you need help with a quest, want to do a tower, etc., ask in recruting chat, and they will probably help. So, this game all boils down to personal preference. Do you prefer the combat? Play it. Do you prefer grinding? Play it. Do you prefer a great story? Not the best game for you. I personally love this game, and I recommend you give it a try. If you don't like it, no money lost. If you love it, you are going to be spending lots of time on it. I've almost spent 400 hours, and that pales in comparison to some of my friends.
game-hours: 73.5
review: You're a Space Ninja, what more do I need to say?
game-hours: 31.4
review: Nice game
game-hours: 203.3
review: Top!!!
game-hours: 389.6
review: PRETTY FUN!
game-hours: 503.6
review: Good game... like a sand-box game, but a little bit boring
game-hours: 174.4
review: I've started to play this game and it'ss a great game but having a few issues in it. Overall I liked this!
game-hours: 312.6
review: Warframe is a refreshing blend of FPS, RPG-like progression, and mmo interactivity. My average Warframe session plays as follows: The game opens up to an overlay of the Solar system. The options from here are fairly analogous to that of diablo III. From here you have access to your equipment, inventory, crafting, market with both ingame and out of game currency items, clan, chat, and friends list. Unique to Warframe is the Solar Map. It features high interactivity, allowing you to drill down two levels of detail. Selecting a planet/planetoid allows you to see all available mission in that system. Upon hovering on a mission, the map shows the mission type, faction and level of difficulty presented in the mission. There are various ways to run missions, but the most commonly used is online. In this mode, you matchmake with other players wanting to run the same mission. Once matchmaking begins, you can either select "play now" to begin the mission after a short countdown or simply wait for at least one other person to join before the countdown begins automatically. If you are running though a mission and it's not yet full(4 players max) and the objective is still incomplete, players will be able to drop in mid-mission. The more players working together, the higher the experience and reward payout. Progression in Warfame is accomplished through a couple different systems. Your account has a rank, it begins at 1 and slowly builds up as you play through the game. Progressing to the next rank requires completing a trial, accessed by clicking on the xp bar on the main menu once it's full and flashing. Certain weapons require a certain account rank or "mastery rank". Your warframe, weapons, and carrier has a level, these cap at 30. As these are raised, your health, shields, stamina, engery, and damage increase. Each level provides the respective equipment an additional amount of capacity for mods. Each new weapon and new warframe that you level helps build your mastery, and is proven to be the quickest way to progress. Each mod drains capacity but gives an upgrade. These are both increased my fusing the mod to higher levels. This offers near limitless upgradeability to your frame and weapons of choice. As you progress though the game's content, you will collect more mods along the way allowing you to further customize your build to your needs. Chasing difficult to find mods and upgrading them to their full potential is a challenge in and of itself.
game-hours: 28.6
review: Mac version plis
game-hours: 29.8
review: It tooks a while to know the knowledge on this game but is fun when playing with friends on skype.
game-hours: 44.1
review: It's hard to find a middle ground when it comes to "Would you recommend" or "Would you not recommend". The game is good, I'll give it that. Played it for quite a bit (40 hours+) before relizing it was on STEAM and swapped to that for achievements/items. The game looks great, the gameplay is fun and the new content is always nice and I have to say I love the Dojo (Being allowed to build stuff your way in a game is always amazing!!!) but at the same time there are some key flaws. So let's do PROS and CONS. PROS Good Graphics A lot of different Warframes and Weapons to play around with. You are essentially Cyborg Ninja from Metal Gear Solid Fully Customizable and Decoratable Clan Dojo EITHER/OR It takes places in the same Universe as Dark Sector... which is weird. Never did like Dark Sector. CONS Rather then, list the cons by just, simplifying it, I'll explain a few. For starters, you have endgame. All games needs a good endgame but Warframe sadly does what Diablo 2 did. You can become powerful enough to kill the hardest boss in twenty seconds! Now grind/farm so you can kill him in fifteen seconds! Now grind/farm some more so you can kill him in ten seconds! Now grind/farm some more so you can 1-shot the final boss! You'll just be trying to make yourself godly powerful in which case any new content that is released as well as any current mission will lose all challenge and it will begin to feel like a chore doing missions to the point you just run through all enemies, spamming AOE skills just to get to the end. The missions as well are grind-like since on some event missions, you have to replay the same mission FIVE times just to get the reward. The grind does however feel a lot less when you work in a clan all working toward a single goal... like finishing a dojo decoarion! The Warframes, while varied, have some things to be desired. As expected, there are those "Select" Warframes everyone wants or is used for endgame content. The Rhino Warframe can be aquired on the second planet Venus, and you can pretty much go the whole game using that one Warframe without ever choosing another. That's what I did. Stomp + Iron Skin ftw. I ended up getting other Warframes (Nekros, Paladin, Berserker, Excalibur) but I never had the motivation to even play them. Sure I could play the level 4 Nekros there, oooorrr play the lvl 30 fully decked out Rhino and not feel like a third wheel in Invasion modes in comparison to the others. The last big flaw is STORY. To this day, I still have no clue what is going on. Like, I know I'm Tenno, I know the Corpus and Grineer are badguys but not always or something cause you will help them at times. And I know you work for a girl named Lotus who might be a Tenno but might not be who wants you to do stuff for, reasons. Nothing is really explained. Ever. EVER. I've tried looking it up. The Grineer are simply explained as... they live on a rotten Earth... they're clones... they use old tech... their mission... stop the Tenno from awakening. Because.... EEEHHHH???? You know people are fighting but "What are they fighting for?" is never really explained! The most I got was.. the Grineer are trying to conquer everything. Stop them from doing that. The Corpus are trying to do stuff too. Stop them from doing that. There's a guy named STALKER too who comes after you... he might be a Tenno. Stop him from, stopping you stop others? I'm still gonna recommend the game, it's fun to play for a while I would not suggest trying to play this for so long you become supah-awesome numbah one! This kind of game is a space filler, something to play between waiting for other games to come out. Like Titanfall, or Dark Souls 2, or Elder Scrolls Online. That sort of thing. In conclusion. Fun gameplay, good graphics and a heavilly customizable clan DOJO, but a grind with no real story backing it up, wouldn't recommend spending 100+ hours on it. And Stealth becomes quite pointless once you can stomp and kill every enemy in the current room and next couple adjascent rooms die instantly.
game-hours: 41.2
review: This is one of the better Free-to_play games out there. It takes a few hours for it to get fun, but once you get into it, it's tough to put down. It isn't as grind-intesive as most F2P games, either, if you don't want buy anything. Highly recommended, especially if you have friends to play with.
game-hours: 29.8
review: ninjas in space. 10/10
game-hours: 72.0
review: Only 1 thing could make this a game that i would hate... and thats making it cost money. I think this is one of the best free to play games ive found on steam.
game-hours: 42.6
review: Honestly this is a really awesome game you could have a lots of fun with i defently recommend it and this is not just some shity old crap you gotta pay for getting good items no no they actully made Crafting and blueprints for this Amazing! 8.6/10
game-hours: 6.4
review: Space Ninjas
game-hours: 0.6
review: This Game's graphics are really cool and the combat system is very cool too. It is co-op or multi-playeable and singleplay. Very cool game.
game-hours: 34.8
review: This is a really great game. Very unique setting. Cool gunplay, melee combat. Art is amazing. Good RPG elements and character (warframe) optimization. Fair free to play model. i Highly recommend this game :3
game-hours: 168.7
review: Guns. Swords. Superpowered mech suits....AND free. WHAT CAN GO WRONG.
game-hours: 28.5
review: Beautiful graphic and effect. With cool weapons and equipments. Also it will be more fun if play with friends.
game-hours: 1.9
review: what can i say one of the best free2play games ive come across scince star trek online it has imo AAA graphics which seems to be very well optimized.I will admit i havent played fro long but i would say try it as its free.if you like sci fi and manga style battle suits you will love this.
game-hours: 137.4
review: Best jem hidden in plan sight
game-hours: 243.4
review: This in my opinion is a great game with lots of content, but to get good at it takes a lot of time patients and dedication, but when you start its quite hard to stop. It takes up quite a bit of space as well, so i ended up uninstalling it because i dont play it as much.... WARNING: if you play this with friends prepare to lose them or bash this game like your life depends on it p.s This will consume your life ;3 Have Fun
game-hours: 97.3
review: The graphics r amazing for f2p.
game-hours: 1214.2
review: Warframe is a parkour/ ninja type game (hence the "ninjas play free") where you play as a race called the Tenno. Tennos are equiped with special suits called Warframes that allow players to use "powers" to help conquere the battlefield. enough with the intro stuff. Warframe is a great game in my opinion. Although it may be a slight buggy at times... Basically its an awesome game with a space ninja twist. All in all, play it. All i gotta say. :D (though it took me alot of sentences to say it)
game-hours: 460.2
review: nice game very nice
game-hours: 578.1
review: Ash got hit by lazor, got radiation proc. Used bladestorm. Killed everyone on the team. 11/10. Would Bladestorm teammates again ;D
game-hours: 553.2
review: For a free mmo it's pretty good, I also like how it is future fantasy
game-hours: 6.3
review: Amazing game, It isnt as full of P2W like lets say Payday 2 at times, because of the Weapon Adding DLCs. This game includes stealth with action, like Metal Gear Solid, and has alot of customization. I would recommend this game to anyone that likes ninjas, swords, bows, and guns. 1337/10 would ninja again.
game-hours: 878.6
review: I left the game nearly 2 years ago when the founders pack was being sold. Came back at the end of December and to this very day I find myself playing this non-stop. Part of me regrets not buying that founders pack because this game is pretty fun. It improvised a lot and it keeps getting better everyday.
game-hours: 484.2
review: THIS GAME IS: 10% luck 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO GO PURCHASE THE GAME.
game-hours: 3.5
review: you should get, you wont regret!
game-hours: 17.1
review: the bow is cool i guess so is the game
game-hours: 18.3
review: It's a really fun free-to-play type game where you can unlock everything for free if you have the time and patience to do so or you can support the game by buying it now. (Not a big fan of Pay 2 win games but i don't really mind). If you have some time off i recommend this game to play with a friend or three and do some missions and/or some defense missions to level up fast(er). Also remember to press "g" to mark moudels and stuff like that :)
game-hours: 5.9
review: Diablo + Mass Effect + Space Ninjas theme = Warframe
game-hours: 2.5
review: gud to play
game-hours: 171.0
review: This is really an awesome game ! You can say that it is top f2p game for now !
game-hours: 136.1
review: Excellent game, literally the definition of immersive. If you dont have this, I have one question... Why not?
game-hours: 19.2
review: I could get into this game if the melee attacks was not so stiff....sheesh.....i have to spin the view around 4 times before I can kill something. Lack of a lock on feature in a fast paced game is also a dissapointment.
game-hours: 656.5
review: This game has more bugs than the whole Fallout franchise.
game-hours: 395.3
review: Even though some people may complain about this game for it's excessive grind or the need to pay money, at it's core its a fun, space ninja shooter. Instead of having the take cover against the enemies, they have to take cover against you. My only complaint about this game would be the excessive grind in some areas, and the seemingly neverending cycle of patch, introduce more bugs, patch again. 7.5/10
game-hours: 193.1
review: I just kinda like that this game lets you KILL EVERYTHING.
game-hours: 9.9
review: bello / is nice
game-hours: 394.7
review: Ching chong gaming #Grindisreal
game-hours: 139.7
review: Finally a 100% FREE game. 10/10, would pay again. ;D
game-hours: 17.7
review: A fun game for those who want to spent some time as a space ninja. (+)Very energetic and exciting co-op multuplayer and some amazing designes on weapons and Tenno. (-)Unfortunately it lost my dedication later on because of the blurred questline
game-hours: 814.7
review: What can I say? This space-ninja based game caught my eye and life. Playing with friends hasn't been more fun, running through different instances such as spaceships, devastated debris fields, ancient ruins, all with one purpose: cutting off infested zombie-like creatures, robotic grineers or energy wielding humans. And blowing everything up with each different Warframe unique and epic ability. With a huge arsenal of weapon variety, different mods to customize your playstyle accordingly for each frame, makes the posibilities endless. Although it sometimes can get repetitive, like power leveling, farming, and non stop killing, there's this thing that keeps Warframe so good over the years: the constant and non-stop updates and events from the developers, DE. Fun with friends, get three teammates and have a great laugh killing everything on sight. If you like mayhem: you got it!
game-hours: 116.1
review: -Learn to be a rhino ninja in a skin-tight suit. -Tenno - Tennant - David Tennant - All Tennos confirmed for 10th Doctor. 10/10, would dry hump till it hurts and/or I die. preferablly die.
game-hours: 459.3
review: This game is posetively beautiful and I can attest from the beta stages when I initially joined it was great and still it. It went under a lot of changes to make it what it is now and I think it is totally worth it. All nessecary items in the game can be earned with in game currency, no pay-to-win-esque style things. The only items that require payment are completely cosmetic.
game-hours: 447.7
review: This review is split into sections, using numerals to show each section. My rating: All in all I would rate it an 8/10. Would recommend if you can deal with a lot of grinding and some bugs. Also this game is still in BETA! I The game modes are: Exterminate (eliminate all enemies), Mobile Defense (taking a DataMass to a Control Panel, then defending it), Defense (defending something for 5 waves at a time), Survival (survive a mass onslaught of enemies for as long as possible, rewards every 10 minutes), Excavate (defend and keep a scanner and its excavators powered to extract resources, Interception (you Capture and Defend several points from being taken over by enemies), Sabotage (Destroy a Reactor), Assassinate (all boss missions, and to kill high valued targets), and Hijack (defend a mobile target and possibly destroy it). The game is 100% Co-Op, unless you go to the PVP (Player Versus Player) areas. Graphics are good. Gameplay is very grindy, sometimes buggy, and very well balanced. Bugs well crap II The game is very grind worthy, grinding through many missions to progress is slightly boring. But considering that each mission is never the same, in the sense that they will always look different from the last time you played it. All weapons can be OP if you mod then properly, and you obtain mods from trading other players, rewards from missions, or by defeating enemies. There are Warframes, which is basically your suit with magical powers that are very destructive against enemies. There are 300ish missions and more than 10 different planets/moons with 10 or more missions each, with their matching environmental art styles. Each Warframe has their own special four abilities unique to that Warframe. Warframes abilities range from being able to turn invisible, to being able to stomp the ground and suspend all the enemies in the air, to shooting spikes into every enemy within your sights. The weapons in game can range from a Jet Power Hammer, to a Pistol that shoots rockets, to a gun that shoots circular blades or bolts. The lore is very simple, and easy to remember. There are three main factions, the Grineer that are a bunch of brain washed clones, the Corpus that probably are like humans, and the infested that are infested creatures of doom. There is an enemy called the Stalker that rarely shows up if a boss curses you, and then there are the G3 and Zanuka that do the same thing. You have these syndicates that are 6 different groups, you sign up with one and then you trade this thing called standing for a mod that boosts your Warframes abilities, or a weapon, or something else. The basic 300 missions, are the normal missions, then there are Void missions and derelict missions. Void missions come in 4 Tiers, each increasing Tier number indicates increasing difficulty. There is a void boss called Corrupted Vor, he comes around just as rarely as the Stalker does, but only in the void. Derelict are basically the Tier 3 and 4 but only with infested enemies. Also customization of your Warframe/weapons is pretty good, you can change every color to whatever you want, and same for additional cosmetics. Credits are the basic currency in the game, Orokin Ducats are prime pieces (rewards from void missions) traded for special currency to be traded for Primed mods/cosmetics, and the premium currency platinum. Platinum can be earned by the login rewards, by trading rare mods/prime components, or by purchasing them. Archwing I have not done too much of this yet, as such I am unable to give 100% valid information. AFAIK (As Far As I Know), you have a jetpack and fly through space and continue your basic objectives, and you can go fast like Sanic. This is AFAIK of Archwing, but I will edit this later on after I have tried it. III Alerts One of the best ways of acquiring rare mods/items. There are daily alerts that often reward with only credits or a few resources, but sometimes they have a rare mod or weapon as an reward, Normally a weapon or some high cost item would be reward from a Tactical Alert. Tactical Alerts are long and tedious alerts that last a week or so, in which the player needs to complete a very hard challenge in order to obtain said item. My rating: All in all I would rate it an 8/10. Would recommend if you can deal with much grinding/some bugs/ absolute nonsense.
game-hours: 529.7
review: Fantastic Game, a real blend of shooting, ninja, parkour and action. Great variety of locations locations and maps for missions, furthermore the weapon range is enormous!!!!! With a lot of customisation for each and every weapon. Huge community with lot's of clans to join and run missions with other people or create a clan with your friends. This is a fantastic game to play with friends. I would highly recommend this game!!!
game-hours: 135.5
review: ,        .
game-hours: 1345.0
review: Space Ninjas in space with ninjaing and space and did I mention space ninjas? Somewhat addictive, high quality (for a F2P game) action shooter with a high focus on mobility (no covering system, everyone). I highly recommend every living gamer to at least try this game once.
game-hours: 49.8
review: This game was awesomness, but its too hard for playing single player.
game-hours: 175.4
review: One of the best games ive ever played :D
game-hours: 50.9
review: Pretty fun game ive spent hours playing it on my laptop
game-hours: 33.9
review: Its rly fun to play and for a free game it has a lot of graphics! :P
game-hours: 85.5
review: Is fun
game-hours: 588.8
review: Mixed opinion on this, the gameplay is great, with the wall running the brilliant animations and the series of characters you can play with that all have their own abilities. HOWEVER, the developers have used a tile system so after a while the maps get repetitive and they all look the same, that said the enemies are also reused and the only change is their lvl scaling, this game Is mostly for those who have nothing they'd rather be doing and just want to stab things with a sharp discus and shoot an arrow into something with a helmet 5 times bigger than the actual head(seriously knock off the grinners head & helmet and the head is actually a regular sized head.
game-hours: 239.9
review: One description of the game: Grindy Another description: Epic
game-hours: 456.0
review: Played quite a while back and it was an awesome game back then. Haven't even finished reinstalling it and I know I can easily recommend it. Hands down one of the best F2P games out there with a lot of replayability.
game-hours: 5.6
review: One of the best games I have ever played in my life, the only downside to this game is that the only way to get platnium is with real money, when I first played it I thought after each level you get more platnium but you don't, but still EPIC game.
game-hours: 46.7
review: Best Sci-Fi Co-op game ever. I recommend this to everyone.
game-hours: 483.7
review: It's free, it's everything a Third Person Shooter/ Hack n' Slasher should be. It's ninjas in space, for crying out loud! It's a game worth investing as it pays you back every cent with every minute you put into it. It's vast, immersive, beautifully crafted. Words cannot describe the direction this masterpiece has taken from it's small roots to this vast entity that keeps on giving back. You get tired, take a little break, play it again, and wonder why you ever stopped. If there was ever a game deserving of a 10/10, it is Warframe.
game-hours: 255.1
review: This game is god damn awesome, there is so much to it.
game-hours: 94.4
review: i literally only play this to masturbate while i look at the robo girls
game-hours: 215.5
review: If you want to run and gun with friends this game is awesome. There is almost no PVP in the game so 12 year old COD players need not bother.
game-hours: 5.6
review: Excellent. Only put about 4 hours in (another 2 hours on the Xbox One so a total of 6 hours) and I'm loving it so far. The grind is nothing compared to what Destiny has put me through for the past 4 months! The customization is awesome and (more importantly) the combat and gameplay are smooth, fast and keep you into the game. I haven't fully mastered the game navigation (as far as where to get what and mods, etc.) at this point but I'm sure it will become 2nd nature in a few more sessions. It's free to play so you have nothing to lose by trying!
game-hours: 290.6
review: fun game, but its one hell of a grind fest
game-hours: 504.8
review: funny game i played a little bit
game-hours: 12.7
review: It's like Destiny, just better!
game-hours: 24.6
review: Fun gameplay, only wish micro-transactions weren't a thing. It runs like buddah tho.
game-hours: 15.6
review: i played it before but it is still good ThirdPerson shooter..nothing to say..
game-hours: 143.5
review: Very Recomended. Amazing Graphic and it's FREE !!
game-hours: 299.2
review: YOU ARE A NINJA IN SPACE WITH SUPER POWERS. What else do you want??
game-hours: 9.1
review: This game sucks. Don't get it. Im just kidding, it's good and has amazing graphis with fast performance. Lol no, im just kidding, the blur effects when running is ing . What? No. im just kidding, this game is badass and u can jump around from crates to crates halo style then dive like you are from CoD:BlackOps. Jk, this game blows balls, why? Well, it's not realistic enough. Hold it right there partner, im just messing with you, this game actually is really good because it's so unrealisticly realistic that wow! It just... reconstructs reality and . Well this is my review and don't take it seriusly because i hate many games and this game is so bad that i would rather have Suzuka Dairenji from Tokyo Ravens to cut my balls of than play this. Seriusly though, im just kidding. This game is good. Get it. Now.
game-hours: 693.9
review: I really didnt expect to enjoy this game as much as i did.The combat is fast paced and once you play into the game the difficulty definitly increases in a good way.The rpg elements have been implemented very well and the mod system seems very interesting. The only thing about the game i didnt enjoy is that for a new player i found it pretty difficult to figure out how to do certain things there are small tutorial hints in-game but i didnt find them as helpful as they could have been. Overall i think everybody interested in an action/rpg/shooter hybrid should give Warframe a try, and since its free to play that makes checking it out even easier. Rating 8/10
game-hours: 246.7
review: Do you want to be a sick robot ninja and murder heaps of stupid soldiers and infected things? Play warframe!
game-hours: 3.4
review: This game is nice but server lag :(
game-hours: 7.0
review: Sprint, slide, slash while sliding, slide after slash, slash after slide and repeat. whoosh whoosh whoosh
game-hours: 127.2
review: at first a little slow but the farther you go the better it gets there are bugs but some of them are just funny to see happen so not all bad
game-hours: 228.5
review: It's free, it's fun, and it's broken as hell sometimes. I'll put it this way. There are places you can fall and it'll reset you because you weren't supposed to be down there. I fell into one of these holes. It didn't reset me. My friends and I spent the next 20 minutes or so screaming because we were trying to get out and just ing COULDN'T. It was beautiful. BEAUTIFUL I TELL YOU.
game-hours: 324.6
review: Let me start by saying that this is a free game that has in game purchases (weapons, warframes, storage slots etc.). Let me continue with: "This is one of the best games I have ever played in my life." I am an avid gamer for more than 18 years now, and have played hundreds of games of all genres. This FREE game is mindblowing in many ways: 1. It is FREE!!! 2. It is not that kind of a free game where someone who makes in game purchases will have an enourmous advantage over you. The advantage is only in the fact that he will have more warframes and wapons (because storage is limited and you can purchase more). You level at the same speed, the Prime warframes are only 10-15% better then the normal ones, same goes for prime weapons. 3. The game does not require you to pay to get 100% out of it. You can aquire all weapons and all warframes (including prime) by earning them through playing. 4. The graphics are brilliant. A beautifully designed game. 5. Playability is 150%, at least for me. Love the mechanics, love the skillsets, love the weapons. For a free game, you could not wish for more. 6. Robot ninjas with superpowers. Enough said. 7. Awsome mod skilltree (simillar to RPG style) but here you collect mods, upgrade them and fit them into your warframes, weapons and companions (little robots with laser beams, killer hounds and simmilar). The best thing is you need to pick different mods for different misions because they are very specialized (there is no best mod for all missions and against all types of enemies). There are a few drawbacks: 1. The lore (story) is somewhat shallow, altough it is so far very well thought of. 2. The missions tend to be somewhat repetitive, but using different warframes, weapons and playing with different co-op players makes it interesting, time and time again. 3. That is all I can currently think of. All in all, this is a must try game. I have personally invested over 300 hours in it, and i haven't had enough. Cheers.
game-hours: 593.1
review: Bring time, break with your girlfirend and play warframe dude. I totally recommend this game. And it really deserves to call itself F2p! Yes you can invest real money, but if you finally discover how to trade, you dont need to! (you will do it anyway!). If you like Coop-based games, stand your ground with your friends against endless waves of very well designed enemies. Every Warframe (those things you play here) and every weapon is unique. You dont believe me? Play it and you will see, im so fukin right! Its so much fun to level your frames and weapons, sentinels (flying machines equipped with weapons to automatically shoot enemies) and your kubrows (you can breed dog-like monsters, but they are much coller than boring, small dogs!!!). You want to hunt for rare stuff, prime parts, mods... The community is awesome and helpful all the time. Dont mind to ask something if youre new! A lot of F2P games like War Thunder or World Of Tanks are very frustrating sometims. Warframe NEVER frustrated me. Sometimes you have enough of playing Warframe, but suddenly, after 3 day of abstinence, you cant stop play anymore, because you fond another great warframe to build, a weapon to research.... im addicted
game-hours: 581.4
review: sliding simulator 10/10
game-hours: 1027.7
review: Best description of what playing warframe feels like: Take a needle full of some form of mentally disorienting drug and shoot a whole needle into your body day after day. All you can do is wonder what you are doing or if it has any meaning, but you just keep going since it falsely brings you satisfaction.
game-hours: 10.6
review: fun
game-hours: 368.3
review: Amazing game. It constantly adds new weapons and operations. Get it if you love fun, parkour, shooters, and ninjas.
game-hours: 25.8
review: This is actually a good TPS. Nice weapons, nice skills and habilities. You can play it Solo or Multiplayer. But this game dude, this game... it breaks everything. Regions are weird (England connected to russia), the IA is buggy, sometimes you die for no valid reason, the voting system is actually not a voting system, etc. Still an awesome game, you should try it. P.s. : If you want new weapons, open up your wallet or spend 20 hours in farming. (Almost pay2win.)
game-hours: 30.2
review: i wish there was a fps option
game-hours: 159.6
review: Easy to play, easy to get hooked. Repetitive gameplay. Not pay to win, but the reminder of what you could have for just a bit more $$ is constant.... you cant get away from it. If you ever saw the Simpsons episode where Mr. Burns is draging money on the street from behind his limo...thats a lot like warframe. Not everyone will (or needs) to put real money into the game. To some extent I hope most people pitch in a small part to support the devs as this is a good game, but be careful. I personally have put more real money into this game than what I would for preordering most AAA games and while it does pay off.... it doesnt come anywhere close to unlocking everything in the game. The upside of that is that the game keeps churning out new weapons to use, new gamemodes to play, new enimes to shoot or slice, new warframes to use in battle, and new gameplay expeirences overall. ...pretty sure they make new graphics improvements as well. Warframe is a great looking game that is constantly trying to evolve itself. The controls are solid and the gunplay can be satisfying so long as your at the right level for your frame and weaponry. Speaking of weaponry, there is quite a bit here. Everything from Sci-fi lasers to war hammers, bows, assult rifles, axes, whips, and much more. Each of these are leveled up and can be modded for increased effect. Same goes for the warframes themselves. IMO, this is there warframe hooks people. There are so many options of warframes and weapons to use it's astounding. This game keeps giving you little goodies like mods and credits for each mission and eventually you'll have enough to upgrade your equipment or purchase something new. ...which starts the process all over again. If you're looking for in depth story, you might want to look elseware. There is a backstory for sure, but it is barely noticeable compared to the addictive cycle of leveling up, fighting, obtianing new equipment, and leveling up again. What story is there, I do enjoy and I believe Digital Extremes keeps giving little tid bits of story to progress the game. The game play is fun, but after a while it gets old for most people. I do know some have kept at the cycle for a while and have came up with some very impressive builds, but I dont see myself doing that. Good thing is that there's still plenty of gameplay to be had for us more casual players. All in all I dont regret the money or time I spent on the game, but the cycle is something that needs to be pointed out.
game-hours: 458.1
review: Get guns Try guns Get Warframes Try Warframes Get mods Use mods Rinse and repeat Or spend money Get Everything 11/10
game-hours: 426.3
review: A really good game if you like those Metal Gear-esqe "Gray Fox" Ninjas, except with a lot less sneaking and more slicing people into pieces. The game has microtransactions for some interesting cosmetic things and much of the unlockable content. However, most all of the equipment, from primary weapons to the warframe you play as, are unlockable via playing the game and getting the parts to build it. Its not "pay-to-win" its "pay-to-save-time". In defense of the grinding, it doesnt take long at all to get all the good stuff once you get used to the game and the mechanics.
game-hours: 170.7
review: Great game and totally worth paying for yet its free, downloading this game is a win win on so many levels.
game-hours: 545.9
review: Once I got stuck behind a wall and fell into the emptiness for 1min until i died in the darkness! Totally worth it! would get stuck behind a wall again! 11/10 -IGN
game-hours: 3.0
review: This game is really enjoyable and has a nice community. I have made a few friends on it already. It is very self explanitory so you can just get down to the fun stuff.
game-hours: 2131.8
review: One hell of a game! Addicted since day one. Highly recommend it!
game-hours: 1154.2
review: Great everlasting game! 9 out of 10 Full of multiple factions, characters, powers, you name it. Enough to keep one active for a long while but some can get reptitive. But with constant updates changing the game and adding content I personally am expecting the repetition to deteriorate over time. Also the fact that the community is really friendly and informing that the devs pay attention and take suggestions from too.
game-hours: 287.7
review: This game is a wonderful time consuming game with great fighting. I recommend this game because it is fun and there is lots of jolly co-operation. Its also free!!!!
game-hours: 1.0
review: Can't believe I uninstalled this...THIS GAME IS AWESOME 11/10 Darude - Sandstorm
game-hours: 311.5
review: This is a terrible game. I enjoy it a lot.
game-hours: 229.6
review: It's aight 3/10
game-hours: 437.6
review: Fun Shooter version of Diablo, Digital Extremes is good about updates and listens to the community. 8/10 though the game is still in beta. Written as of Update 12
game-hours: 12.6
review: The game is great but..........................I dont know what to say more...xD
game-hours: 131.0
review: It's got a lot of grinding from where I stand, but grinding isn't so bad when you're being a space ninja, slashing and gunning down enemies and soaring through space like a one-man army of death. Addictive could very well be an understatement about this game.
game-hours: 480.5
review: If you like futuristic games then this game is for you! Its awsome!
game-hours: 1444.8
review: This game brings the gameplay style of Mass Effect 3 Multiplayer into a new set of worlds, with much more comprehensive missions, and hundreds more weapons. I've been addicted to this game since I first layed eyes upon it. Join up and fight!
game-hours: 43.7
review: AWESOME, JUST 160 HOURS OF PURE AWESOMENESS!!!
game-hours: 397.7
review: I had a review before, but I felt like its time to completely redo it, now that I am more experienced. So, we have Warframe. What is warframe? You are a Tenno, basically a space ninja-samurai-thing, and you have to restore balance to the galaxy. By that, you go around killing different factions, gathering their resources, to build more weapons to kill them all again. It's a loop, and if you don't like the gameplay or grinding, than this game has nothing for you. There is a tiny amount of story, but the game revolves around gameplay heavily. So, what are the three factions? -Grineer, an empire of cloned soldiers, who are genetically decaying, and who you'll probably be fighting the most. They are heavily armored, and prefer brute force. -Corpus, a conglomerate of merchants, who do whatever they can for a profit. They have armored helmets, but are mostly lightly armored, and they prefer to use robots and other tricks. -Infested, space zombies. They are infected by a virus from an old war, and kill whatever gets in their way. They are lightly armored, and usually swarm you. There are also the Orokin, but they just take some units from all three factions, and combine them all, which you'll be facing in the Orokin Towers, where you'll be spending most of the endgame. There are also a multitude of weapons. Some of them are better than others. For example, the Soma and the Soma prime spew crits like crazy. The Boltor Prime does pure damage, and the Latron Prime is very accurate, and very ammo efficient. There are constant wars over which is better, but it usually boils down to personal preferance. Modding can be a bit tricky to get used too, but there are builds online, and it's not too hard to learn. There are also Warframes, which is basically your class. They al lhave different stats (Health, Shield, Armor, Movement speed, and others), and different powers, which reflect what their based of (Necromancer, assassin, paladin, etc.) They take a while to farm, and 3 days to craft, but some completely change your playstyle compared to others. So, what about the gameplay? As you are a space ninja thing, you have a large amount of abillities, which include: Wallrunning, rolling, lots of melle attacks, wallrunning and shooting, sliding, sliding and shooting, slide melee attacks, and some others. You use all your abillities, weapons, and powers, along with three other Tenno, to run around maps, and kill everyone in sight. You've probably also seen it was free to play, so you're wondering "Is this game Pay2Play?" Well, my answer is a complete NO. Th eonly things you can get with only the premium currency (platinum) are cosmetic items, and you can get platinum from trading, so anything is available with dedication. All the game changing items are available for free. The community is great. Aside from some heated arguments (Boltor Prime vs. Soma Prime), they answer questions, are generally polite, and if you need help with a quest, want to do a tower, etc., ask in recruting chat, and they will probably help. So, this game all boils down to personal preference. Do you prefer the combat? Play it. Do you prefer grinding? Play it. Do you prefer a great story? Not the best game for you. I personally love this game, and I recommend you give it a try. If you don't like it, no money lost. If you love it, you are going to be spending lots of time on it. I've almost spent 400 hours, and that pales in comparison to some of my friends.
game-hours: 73.5
review: You're a Space Ninja, what more do I need to say?
game-hours: 222.8
review: Warframe is addicting in that it's space ninjas who cut and shoot stuff. At the same time, it's a bit grindy unless you've spent some money for platinum. Try the game, see if you like it, then come back for more.
game-hours: 7.8
review: This game is rly great! Play guys,play.
game-hours: 1061.5
review: WarFARM and Bugframe. Yet cool to play. WARNING: ONLY PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU WILLING TO DEVOTE YOUR WHOLE LIFE TO GRINDING AND FARMING IN THIS GAME!
game-hours: 740.5
review: mmm
game-hours: 8.2
review: This game is pretty addictive and the graphics are amazing, only downside is the micro-transactions but thats expected in a free-to-play game.
game-hours: 1132.9
review: As an organize-minded person, I will do a list of pros and cons this game has, and overall view/recommendation Pros: +Audio(gun sounds, ambient, level music etc) +Variety(amount of warframes, weapons, companions, enemy types etc) +Interesting storytelling(enemies/NPCs/playable characters' history, language, style, culture etc) +Up-to-date(widely approved in-game/game related modifications in Warframe forums added/removed in to Warframe relatively often) +Always something new(alerts, invasions, events) +Enviroment(multiple tilesets across the Solar System) +Looting system(very simple, wide variety of collectable items) +NOT pay-to-win(There is alot of things you can buy with real money via in-game alternative currency(Platinum), but you can sell in-game items for Platinum(special weapons, Prime parts. mods), gaining real money-worth in-game currency without having to use a single penny. Although this requires you to play decent amount of this game to have access to farm sellable items) Cons: -Netcode(Despite recent netcode updates, strict NAT problems still persists in some parts of the playerbase) -Tileset variety on a single level(this might bother once you've seen all tilesets many times) -Controls(takes time to learn[I got 600+ hours and still haven't completely mastered all controls]) -Resource-heavy(not recommended to run on low-end PCs, see system recommendation for more info) -Level size(for some missions, the levels forces you to do too much moving around to get to objective, and for some missions the level size is not overly small, but would definitely use a bigger combination of tilesets) -Overall bugs(random, massive, few seconds lasting framerate drops even on high-end PCs, players joining game might spawn over the map, and minor bugs that are just visual[holding your melee weapon like a rifle, or having the gun holstered and equipped at the same time, making the guns projectiles come from the holstered weaponmodels' barrel]) There probably are many other +/- in this game, but those are what came to my mind now. Anyways, I highly recommend this game to people who like MMO-styled Shooter games. Also if you only like one of those, still I recommend playing this game. And as I said before, no matter how much you feel like '' this games' soo p2w'', it definitely is not. This game just needs time and interest from a player to start ''making money''. Putting real money in to this game is completely voluntary.
game-hours: 118.3
review: Warfame = 3rd person, Space Samurai Ninja, Warlock magic, shooter. Freakin awesome.
game-hours: 492.2
review: It's okay, I guess
game-hours: 608.1
review: this game really goooooood. one of the best f2p game i ever play. but damned steam will delete your entire warframe folder if you ever want to make a backup of it. PLEASE FIX IT!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 86.2
review: in which you cut dudes in half 10/10
game-hours: 1715.2
review: endurance marathon simulator..
game-hours: 227.2
review: Here's a tutorial : E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E. Pew Pew. E E E E E E E E
game-hours: 71.8
review: i thought this game was cool back when i first played it in closed beta forever ago. just started playing it in earnest this week and i have to say its alot of fun. more so when i played it originally. it takes some work to get into and figure everything out but the tutorials are pretty helpful for modding and such
game-hours: 127.0
review: A great game became better with a newly introduced story line and quests. It's a difficult grind to get the better gear if you don't spend cash for Platinum or purchase packs, but it's still possible to get all high-end gear in-game without spending money. A great time sink, the game gets better and better as you put more and more time into it.
game-hours: 479.2
review: best game ever , THERE ARE SPACE NINJAS IN IT 11/10
game-hours: 787.4
review: You. Are. A. Space. Ninja. That's right... SPACE NINJA!> Do I even need to explain anything else? Space ninja.
game-hours: 486.7
review: After playing this game for over a year, I have come to the conclusion that it is highly addictive, and has the potential to be something great. The combat is really fun, from being a stealthy and fast Loki, to a Tank like the Rhino, there is a Warframe to suit everyone. Pros: The game itself can be played without spending a single cent. The combat is fun, and can range in difficulty to easy to impossibly frustrating. The middle game and endgame content keeps you playing, and once you figure out how to actually play the game and how the systems work, it become easy to play. However, higher level missions are best done in groups, the maximum level difficulty that is possible to solo without dying would probably be 20 until you get endgame level gear. Participating in a clan/alliance is almost necessary during the endgame, but it is easy to either form your own or join an existing one. New game content is almost added, providing new things to do in the game, so unless you are a veteran, you will always have something to do. Cons: The game is not easy to pick up. The farming is almost unbearable as time goes on. The Early game is almost unbearable, and the Late game is rather stagnant, even with the additions of PvP and clan/alliance conflicts. Once you get to the end, all that is left to do is grind the same content over and over again. Although the same content is entertaining, you will find yourself taking long breaks from the game in order to make it feel fresh again. I personally just started playing again after 7 months of not playing, and I am enjoying the latest update. On a final note, the Platinum prices are ridiculous, and the artificial difficulty created by the low drop rates is clearly designed to keep you playing and paying.
game-hours: 226.3
review: Although the bugs may be a turn off, i absolutely love this game. Constant updates large and small keep the game more varied and interesting. The game alone may not seem to interesting but playing with friends is really fun. The warframes vary well having different support, offensive, and defensive abilities. Also this is probably the best looking free to play around right now. Overall if you have the room to download, give it a chance and play with friends and you will end up putting some hours into it.
game-hours: 433.0
review: My favourite Sci-Fi Game so far. 10/10 for me. The graphics are beautiful, the choice of weapons, warframes(characters) and mods(to upgrade all these) are just huge. The game is mostly a co-op game, with a maximum of four players per mission. Your mission goals vary, the environment varies, everything is perfect. Only one thing I don't like: the updates. When a major update comes out(like new mission type, new event, etc.) there are so many bugs and glitches and sometimes a lots of game crashes, that it makes almost impossible to play peacefully for one or two days. They should focus on looking for these problems and repair them A.S.A.P. In brief this is a beautiful game, interesting, always gives you something new to reach. I have 350+ game hours and I'm still enjoying it.
game-hours: 897.8
review: Great game. Amazing fast pace combat more skill then grinding for gear. Expansive with many aspects including crafting and clan hall building. Great to play with friends.
game-hours: 285.0
review: As you can see, I've played this game quite a bit. I really enjoyed (most) of the time I played, but there were some bugs and stupid stuff here and there. Be advised; you will have to farm for everything you want to get. Even though the game is kinda buggy and REALLY unbalanced, it is a lot of fun (especially with friends!) and i would recommend at least trying this out, cause its FREE!
game-hours: 262.2
review: Who can go wrong with magic ninjas in power suits vs marines, zombies, and robots? You can have multiple suits (each with their own powers) / guns / melee weapons going at the same time, somewhat supportive community, still growing... Great if you want to try a different F2P game, but it does get repetetive quite quickly, if you don't have friends to play with
game-hours: 84.9
review: Addictive game.
game-hours: 17.1
review: the bow is cool i guess so is the game
game-hours: 265.9
review: This is an absolutely beautiful game! Amazing graphics, good weapon system, unique crafting system, and an option to buy items, but nothing that is exclusively pay-to win. I would absolutely recommend this game to you if you enjoy co-operative rampages, co-operative stealth, or solo on either of those; this game has an opportunity for all those gameplay styles. If you don't enjoy mission style gameplay (someone repetitive at times), this probrably isn't the game for you, but I would still recommend you try it and definitely get on the forums on the game's site and take a look at it and contribute.
game-hours: 3.1
review: Really cool game. Amazing Co-op third person shooter with exellent story and performance in general. You should totally check it out, it's one of the best games i've played in a while :D
game-hours: 10.0
review: Dis game CRAY-CRAY MY N!GGAH
game-hours: 127.7
review: It's like peeling a banana without the banana
game-hours: 36.7
review: This game is amazing for those people that like hack and slash and shootouts. Its the epiphany of what futuristic space combat should be. Down.Load.IT!!!!!
game-hours: 10.6
review: Well Your a Person in a suits called WarFrames Each WarFrame has its own set of abilities I go With Loki It can Go invisible to get past security and can Switch Places With the Enemy So the enemy Is confused As you could probally tell from the warframe picture it has guns and what every person needs to spill blood a Sword which can be upgraded and you can get different melee weps mostly swords but there are power gloves that can be purchased which allow you to Pack a Punch(Get it gloves and punching Huh huh Anybody?) Any way download it it's free
game-hours: 232.7
review: nice and adictive gameplay but repetitive, weak background story, nice setting
game-hours: 1083.2
review: Ninjas?Swords?Guns?Space?thatoneanoyingenemythatallwayskillsyoudespitebeingconsideredweak? Worry not, we got you covered. This game is awesome, whether you like a solid third person shooter with a whole variety of guns to choose from (having in mind the fact that you need to spend the time to forge them or lvl up to the needed rank), or if you just want to go melee nuts hack and slash style. Bad this is once you get you character/weapon slots full, either you keep selling the things you have to make space for new ones, or you get slots by refering a looooot of friends, otherwise you're gonna dump some cash on this free game. I've been with Warframe from the beginning and it had major improvements since it was on beta till now, was it a new HUD, new tilesets and enemies, the game keeps getting better :)
game-hours: 203.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 285.2
review: isn't entirely pay2win, except for the accessories, which don't do .
game-hours: 58.0
review: 9.7/10. ( -.03 for it sometimes being warfarm :3) Amazing gameplay, graphics, mechanics etc. The movements are very smooth and can chain into some incredibly creative (and awesome) combos, and combine that with your warframe's special moves, then you get a BEAST! The game is a fast-paced third person shooter (yet suprisingly the only one im good at :3) where you can be a slower, beefier tank, (Rhino, Frost etc.) a high-mobility glass cannon (Nova, Ember etc.) a manipulative ability user (Mag, Loki etc.) or an all-round one if you don't like those three extremes.
game-hours: 124.1
review: I stepped away from this game about a year ago as my interest faded. I originaly posted a review stating that this was a pay 2 play with a heavy grind aspect but I loved the theme and atmosphere. Stepping back in, I am genuinley surprised with the amount of content now included with this free beauty. Items and Warframes are more easily accessible as long as you put in some hard work. Clans and Clan Dojo's are outstanding with the ability to customize and upgrade. Melee 2.0 has added a new dynamic to duels and melee based characters. My own personal ship! The list goes on... (really) The point I am trying to put accross is that we need to put a small hold on the whining in regards to recent changes. Our voices are heard, and it appears the developers have their own goals and will make changes that they see fit best. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Originally posted by ikefier3: It's so sad when rewarding you with in-game items for completing elements of the game and not paying for it is considered "amazing". How ed up is that? Ikefier was refering to the addition of Sigils as cosmetic acheivments and I completely agree. It is ed up but koodos to the dev's for trying. In this generation of pre-orders and pay to play, I believe Warframe steps up to the plate in the best way possible. There will always be a cash cow market in free to plays, or some sort of ad revenue. For Warframe to be where it is now, it required support from the community and we see the pay to play element balancing out quite nicely as development continues. I will continue to support the developers, because from my perspective we have come a long way and I have fun playing. Goodbye life, it was nice knowing you! Thank you for the Founder Headband!
game-hours: 63.1
review: I was pleasently surprised by Warframe. The best way I can describe it is a mashup between Destiny and PSO.
game-hours: 658.5
review: This is a pretty nice free game. Glad I played it.
game-hours: 921.1
review: The game that created the betapocolipse! A must try for all 3rd person shooter fans with RPG elements.
game-hours: 245.9
review: This game is in the beta stages, and is one of the best games I have ever played. I'm a very experienced gamer. Can't give it up. I've been playing it for years. Now, If only someone could develop a sandbox MMORPG with this type of combat...
game-hours: 188.6
review: Very fun game that will keep my coming back as Dlc and updates continue
game-hours: 575.6
review: Recommended for all people who wish to play a free to play game which can play both shooting and close combat style. The game is free so you don't need to purchase any $ to get all the weapons or warframes in game (only some unlimited items if you wish to purchase - the rest you can farm meterials to craft). Overall: I love this game, I know it is not perfect and can get bored when you get all stuffs from the game but it is the good game you can play with your friends or solo and make friend in group of region.
game-hours: 2104.4
review: It was okay.
game-hours: 873.2
review: Awsome Game and free to play and not at all a pay to win
game-hours: 24.9
review: Probably the best free to play game on steam!
game-hours: 105.6
review: HOLY CRAP THIS GAME IS EPIC!!!
game-hours: 758.0
review: Great game. Highly addicting.
game-hours: 3.1
review: fun
game-hours: 23.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 24.1
review: best game
game-hours: 385.6
review: I've been playing this game for about two weeks, and my impression so far is mixed, though mostly positive. If you like the concept of being a space ninja, and don't mind the grinding that goes with most MMOs, then this game is for you. So far, I'm still "relatively inexperienced", and avoid the trading channel like the plague. Honestly, while a community market is always a plus, the sheer wall of text of stuff you don't care about is hard to sift through in order to find people selling/buying the stuff you DO care about. Also, the game seems to suffer from a Diablo-style "You need this gear on this class, otherwise don't bother me" mentality when it comes to high-level missions. Perhaps it's a spoiled community, or perhaps it's the apathy that comes with farming. I can't say. Apart from these two glaring, community-based problems, I'd say the game is superb. There are occasional bugs (falling through the map, not being able to interact with the UI) but they can be worked around. As a F2P, it blasts its competitors out of the water, holding its own against similar AAA titles. The weapons are varied, and most are suited for specific occasions and playstyles. Like to snipe? There are sniper rifles and compound bows! Like mowing down enemies with a hail of bullets? Try the Soma! Wanna get up close and personal? I can't recommend the Valkyr frame highly enough, as her ultimate ability renders her invulnerable with the only drawback being a restriction to melee attacks... which regenerate her health. Want to customize your frame? There are several mods which alter your abilities, as well as paint and accessory customization options at your disposal. My recommendation for people looking to try this game -- download it. Give it a whirl. It's free to play, so it's not like you'll be missing out on anything by trying it. I recommend starting with the Excalibur warframe, as it turns out quite handy even in later missions. There are lots of weapons and mods that were only accessible for certain events, but a lot of them are often sold on the player market. Most of the gear you'll need can be won through in-game missions, though it may take a significant amount of time. For those of you who don't mind spending a bit of extra cash, platinum will be your best friend in quickly acquiring equipment which would normally take days of grinding to find. For those of you who'd rather keep your cash and play entirely free, you'll spend a lot of time trying to farm specific areas for parts to craft your new toys, but it'll be that much more satisfying once you have them. I can't recommend this game highly enough. It has its flaws, sure, but for what started as an indie free-to-play, it's come a long way. The game is still regularly updated, the devs are usually quick to fix major bugs, and you can finally live the dream of becoming Space Rambo. What's not to love?
game-hours: 519.8
review: Warframe is a fun game. It has some mystery to it at soem points and also your a ninja. Ninja's are always fun to play as.
game-hours: 409.6
review: Tenno.... wake up.... you will fight for your life, in this amazing TPS (Third Person Shooter) epic game.... but where you fight? Actually... in SPACE with a gun, pistols, melle weapons and everything! So build your arsenal, choose your character and don't stop fighting until the end!
game-hours: 50.1
review: ABSOLOITLY OMGWTFBBQ
game-hours: 127.8
review: Gave me cancer
game-hours: 584.4
review: It's free, but you'll want to spend money...
game-hours: 45.7
review: This game is something special. It is ACTUALLY a REAL free to play game. Everything can be earned by playing. If you want to buy something off of the store with plat, that you can only get by plat, all you gotta do is play the game, and sell the mods to other players for actual plat. The game just all around feels good, looks good, and plays good. There is a lot to do, a great community, and c'mon, lets be real here: graphics DO sometime make a difference. In Warframe, the graphics are stunning, and if you have PhysX then you will love it. I recommend this game to anyone. Shooter/RPG fan or not, you need to try it.
game-hours: 104.3
review: SPACE NINJAS WITH JETPACKS
game-hours: 563.1
review: Review time: So this is a pretty good game, problem is it doesent really explain what to do, as a newb to this game 1.5 years ago I was lost. if you find that you are in this situation then I guarentee that you will hate this game, it has no direction and the mindless killing doesent really have much replay for the first Frame/Weapon and starter planets, but with time and persistance and a little bit of spending "creddits" for better gear then I guarentee that you will enjoy the massive ammount of weapons to choose from couppled with warframe abilities. Warframes are easy to aquire and weapons are really cheep for the most part, farming for monney is easy to do as long as you have someone in trade chat carry you to a high level mision for easy monney. Finally for a last opinion, I would despite all I have said get in a guild and play with people, this game is not meant for solo and playing with a squad of 4 is much more fun than sticking it out by yourself.
game-hours: 525.4
review: This is a game that takes a bit of getting used to, but once you're in you'll love it. Rushing around doing parkour and shooting bad guys feels good, and the abilities of each warframe can feel awesome when used right. Take the time to learn the game and you'll find yourself immersed in one of the best free to play experiences on the PC right now, and it's only getting better.
game-hours: 392.1
review: AMAZING GAME, EVEN MANAGED TO PLAY THIS ON INTEL PENTIUM!
game-hours: 170.8
review: First week i thought this game was Pay to Win because thats exactly how its set up to look, turns out its not. you can trade players items for premium currency. Pictures and videos do this game no justice at all. I woulda hated this game unless I played it which thankfully i did. No regrets so far. Also the price tag is pretty nice too, Cant argue with Free.. Sometimes waiting for gear to finish being crafted can be a bit brutal but if you dont mind being paitent then you are good.
game-hours: 59.8
review: Have played this game for a while, and I must say i enjoyed it. One could say it just becomes a grindfest, but sure, after a while it does. After a while every game does! Its a great game nevertheless as long as you have the time for it, and havep lenty of unique assetts as well.
game-hours: 914.8
review: good game gets alot of updates to keep things interesting
game-hours: 260.9
review: Enter at your own risk.
game-hours: 63.8
review: space robot ninjas doing space robot things 10/10 its my favourite anime
game-hours: 560.6
review: ITS GOOD!
game-hours: 676.6
review: Warframe is an awesome game, which combines great gameplay with a neat storyline. I recommend this game to anyone who loves sci-fi and shooter games
game-hours: 142.9
review: If you like to grind then this game is just for you ^^
game-hours: 5.4
review: Very Nice Game
game-hours: 31.1
review: A decievingly fun cohesive multiplayer game with endless combinations of weapons and Warframes. From the bow and kunai stealth approach, to the hack-and-slash gib-lord sword and shotgun combo. With the heavy-hitting ranged weapons, I find myself struggling to use the melee weapons effectively. I try, I honestly do. The parkour system in this game is so unnatural that I find myself avioding it because it feels chunky and uncontrollable-- it almost feels uncomplete. The ability to infinitely mod your weapons and make them more deadly is astounding, however. And the game actually making you have to work to level up is great. The seemingly endless universe for you and your friends to explore is amazing, and I always find something new to explore. I love how the maps are randomly generated evvery time you play the game, even if it's a dozen times in a row. The enemies and loot changes every time. Also, IT'S FREE TO PLAY, AND IT'S NOT(completely) PAY-TO-WIN!! I've got to admit that I haven't played a game this fun in a long time, and I'm torn between it and Mountain!
game-hours: 1144.7
review: First of all this game somehow doesn't feel like a grind you can get most of the weapons/frames pretty quick,the community are awesome mostly in the North American/EU servers, like help newbies etc. The stealth is just to simple and weak.Gunplay is fun with many ways to take out your enemies,from your oridnary guns to LAZORS BEAMS to enegry weapons etc. Each frame looks and funtions uniquely.There are so many ways to kill your enemies,Will you slash dash your way through your enemies? Will you zap them into oblivion? and many more.Also you can earn real life currency (platnium) though trading rare stuffs (prime parts)/mods/stuff :P. Arcwing is awesome as you fly around space and blast your way though victory, but there not much really to play arcwing as there are very little weapons/mods for it.There are syndicates you can fight for that gives you rewards of doing missions got them,though a little more lore can be added to why and how they were created so at least i could give a damn about why im helping the syndicates rather than focusing on the rewards.Overall this game is fun, but it is very repetitive though they have many game modes.They are feel the same at times
game-hours: 863.9
review: Space ninjas. Space baddies. Space farming. Best farming simulator 2016. 11/10 Would farm again. In all seriousness though. Warframe is a third person co-op shooter. You play as the Tenno, who seek the protect the balance. As I got into this game, it was confusing. Unless you check the wiki 24/7, which I did because I'm a nerd that way, you won't understand anything. However, once you get the hold of the mechanics, the game is really fun. However, the grinding and the cruel RNG does make this game feel repetitive time after time. When you do get burned out, just do something else. Come back in a few months and even weeks and I garuntee you that something new has been added/changed. Pros: -Beautiful Graphics -Fluid Motion -F2P completely. Everything is unlockable except for event items (which could have been done for free) and cosmetics -A Dev (Digital Extremes) that actively updates and cares about this game -Just fun Cons: -Repetitive at times -Confusing to the new player -And yes, DE is human, so they do make mistakes. These mistakes are usually temporary and will be fixed almost immediately. Overall, this game is fun and just pure awesome. Like any game, it does have it's cons but the pros heavily cover them up. I recommend you pick it up and give it a go. Remember, check the wiki. :3
game-hours: 2.6
review: I have played this game since the day it has came out, and personally I think it's an amazing Co-Op game. If you get the chance, download it and play with me!
game-hours: 85.9
review: Oh so addictive. And it keeps getting better
game-hours: 360.0
review: Real Depth, Great Game
game-hours: 445.0
review: the best game ive ever played
game-hours: 366.2
review: Throughout my years of gaming I've stumbled across few games that provide such diversity and freedom, we all crave the opportunity to play a game that has almost no limits. Well Warframe for one is absolutely stunning, it provides the player with the feeling of no limits even though it still has a few wich can almost not be noticed at all. Warframe is linear, fun and dynamic even for a game nearing it's last stages of beta, it's quite impressive. The mechanics in the game had blown me away at some point as it has some originallity to it, wich very few developers fail to master. The gameplay itself however makes the player feel truely apart of the whole experience as it has a mixture of realism, fun and fantasy with a twist of sci-fi, it provides the ultimate game experience. Most games have failed at the combination of these elements. The diversity of weapons is astonishing, as it provides almost every weapon type imaginable and more! Another part of the game I enjoyed was the modding system, I found it very easy to use and I also loved the diversity in mods available. There really is almost endless possibilities especially with the elemental combination of mods wich forms new elements. The customization also stood out for me, It gives the player some nice personalization options to feel even more "at one" with the game or perhaps makes them feel more comfortable with their gameplay, strangely enough. The graphics of the game is quite a pleasureable aspect even though it gives some killer eye sores, you know it's all worth it. In referral to the music I really enjoy the action movie feel it has to it and would love to see some more of it, it truely gets you in the "zone". If there is one thing I could add to warframe it'd be a bit of lore. Warframe is free-to-play and almost all in game content can be obtained by the player without having to pay a dime. Warframe is co-operative and provides a PVE gamestyle with a few PVP elements wich are seemingly still in development, and I am quite eager to see the outcome of the PVP system. Warframe also provides players the option to trade for platinum wich is basically only obtained from buying it with real time currency. In short warframe is not a pay-to-win but if you feel like supporting the developers for thier great work then buying some platinum is a good way to support them. But to sum it all up, I strongly reccomend Warframe if you are looking for something new and different and encourage some RPG fans to try it out aswell as those die-hard MMO fans. Keep up the good work I am excited to see what comes next with the further developement of this game! If I had to rate it on a scale of 1 to 10 I'd give it a 7.6/10.
game-hours: 1183.3
review: Now that over a thousand hours of my life have gone into this game as well as a good chunk of cash I can really give this a better review. In short, it's fun but doesn't feel like its going in the direction it should(or that I would like). I don't really know how to describe my feelings for it. After U.I. 2.0 it just wasn't as much fun. I was rank 16(highest you could be at the time) and had every weapon i could obtain except for 3 and then new ones came, and then more, and more. Sure this is how Warframe has been but for some reason it just wasnt as fun. Some of the new weapons now look fun but during that time I couldn't get back into it. I will say that if you come across this review and haven't played yet, get the game. its amazing when you fist start out as you have so many weapons and warframes to choose from. And of course its a grindfest so if you're into that then you will be fine. I hope you enjoy this game and maybe you'll see it finally get released.:Corpus::Grineer:
game-hours: 266.2
review: I ran up a wall, backflipped, and took down 20 people with nothing but my dual axes and pistols while sliding. This game makes you Jesus. I'm pretty sure Jesus did that.
game-hours: 252.4
review: My life means nothing anymore after spending an entire week on this game.
game-hours: 936.2
review: It's a real shame this game doesn't receive more attention. It's a hidden gem on all platforms. Remember Unreal Tournament? These guys made it. Warframe is 4-player co-op, guns and swords, on speed. Or on coffee. Drink some coffee and play Warframe!
game-hours: 3616.4
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 287.0
review: Swift and smooth this game will work in almost any computer (exceptions applied), is totaly worth buying some DLCs, the best is that you only have to pay if you want, no payment needed to win anything. 10/10
game-hours: 213.6
review: Ok so this game will be repetitive at the start just a bit.But when you start doing void missions and start getting prime parts the game will open up more. Also i suggest installing a warframe alert app on your smartphone just beacuse you can miss a lot of good stuf just by not knowing about it. I suggest to everybody to try this game and give it a shot
game-hours: 1430.4
review: As a beta game or free-to-play, i would say its great overall. Bugs and glitches should be expected throught your gameplay experience and they are not hitting on players too hard though. Therefore, its not overall so bad for the bugs part. If you are like me, you will always find the bugs funny. For the gameplay experience, its a werid action game because it combines typical third person shooting games actions with magic power (especially after the upcoming update for the Parkour2.0 system). Although there is some tank type character, you still need to play the same mission over and over again aka farming, to gain rare mods or rare items to build your ultimate weapons. It is similar to how you keep pickaxing and shoveling in Minecraft just to build a dream house. And if you do not play minecraft, it will be just like how you get gold and diamond skins for your guns in COD. Of course you can pay a lot to purchase items from other players or the prime access. Another important thing is to join a clan or find some pal to play with. It is a co-op game. You may go solo but it would be too hard to level up because bonus experience points can be gained through playing with other players. Remember to pay attention to the abilities of every warframe because every character aka warframe has his/her special abilities, like Nekros's desecrate can increase drop rates. Some of the warframes may not need heavy protection too if you have built it right, like Limbo, playing intelligently will not casuse you any damage at all. Gaming experience is great but the problem is warframe should start working on creating some exclusive things for players who had hunted a lot of things. Many new players are just buying every stuff to make themselves fit in the high level or veteran(?) players community. This is kind of annoying though they are the people who are supporting the game in a financial way. And also there should be more competitive gameplay added to this game. Maybe a clan war? This can make the game more fun but I suppose this cannot be done by looking at the engine and server for now. This one will only for the new players. The missions and tutorial can be quite confusing. It is totally not a good time to start off playing this game right now as there are bunches of new things added to this game. Just remember, do not rely on your primary weapon too much. Check and try out all your abilities, every weapon you can obtain. Find your favorite set up and play. This is my opinion. It may not mean a lot but this is the comment I have on this game after playing for a year. Happy hunting tenno.
game-hours: 273.1
review: One of the only shooters I like, because the RPG elements are reasonably compelling. Some menu items are mouse only, but otherwise you can play with a gamepad. Just pray to the gods of RNG with Warframe. It can take a LOT of grinding to get what you want, since it's typically not a steady stream of predictable rewards, but rather a completely random chance of getting a reward based on the roll of the dice. Cash shop isn't too intrusive. You can play without paying easily, though if you don't want to look ugly or have barely any inventory space, you'll want to cough up 5 or 10 USD for some color palletes and inventory spaces.
game-hours: 198.3
review: 3rd Person Action Space Ninja Dungeon Crawler 11/10
game-hours: 5.6
review: LAG SO MUCH LAG
game-hours: 9.7
review: More grinding than any tony hawk game
game-hours: 425.1
review: I'v gotta say, I`m not usually hooked to games, but this game just draws me in. It`s like a perfect mix of explosive combat mixed with unique play styles and weapon/warframe choices/combinations. Free to play, easy to find online play, can't complain.
game-hours: 47.6
review: ninjas in spaaaaaaaaace
game-hours: 537.1
review: The game is kinda grindy, otherwise it's great.
game-hours: 470.9
review: Ninjas Play Free. Those are the three words I won't forget for a very long time... Having first began playing Warframe at the beginning of Open Beta. Back when there were a handful of tilesets, the UI was simplistic, and generally the game felt so much smaller. At some point, I grew disillusioned with the game and left it for atleast an entire year. Looking back, now, it's great to see how much it has grown. I returned only a week ago. But there is still much work to be done - the title of "beta" becomes readily apparent when you realise Digital Extremes has a multitude of undocumented changes and nerfs in their hotfixes, as well as glitches, and imbalances between many of the titular 'frames. But. It is, however, a third-person shooting, hacky-slashy, parkour ninja simulator and one of my favourite games of all time, for its intuitive, fast-paced and fluid combat, which flows brilliantly as one switches from oversized machinegun to pocket laser shotgun to jet-powered hammer. The most important question is, however; "Is it fun?" Well, it certainly has its flaws; for newer players, it'll be an uphill struggle; since you won't be all too familiar with it, you'll have to really farm for some of your gear, and sometimes RNGEsus will kick you in the balls. There are some annoying enemies too, like Grineer Manics who zip around and teleport constantly, or Nullifiers who remove your Warframe's buffs when you enter their shields. My answer? Yes. Play this bloody game. Give it a chance - after all, Digital Extremes had this baby from the get-go; this is what darkSector was supposed to be.
game-hours: 311.0
review: And here's my book: Warframe. One of the most popular online FPS RPGs on the market today, Warframe has already collected quite the crowd. Three million is the current, last-published number for the player base of this game. With online guide support, one is never lost in this game as it is constantly changing. Created by Digital Extremes (DE), this game is nothing short of constantly updated. If you ever find a bug or that something isn't correct, you can guarantee that it won't be the situation for long. If you're not too big on PC gaming anyway, just buy it for PS4 (releasing Nov 15, 2013 in the US). Oh wait, I didn't mention that the game is absolutely free. If it's not your cup of tea, no problem. You simply delete it off of your hard drive, and your out of nothing but your time. However, if you do enjoy this game like the many others who tried it, you'll be sucked into the universe (or solar system, more correctly) of the Tenno. Now, don't think this game has some magical, gripping storyline. The missions are extremely repetitive and somewhat lackluster. However, the amount of content available is simply astonishing. I have at this current time 196 hours of time played in Warframe. I still feel as if I haven't scratched the surface. if you're worried about spending money, you shouldn't worry at all. If you want to play this game in the sub-100 hours range, then you should be fine. If not, I would say $50-$75 should complete the entire purchase of the game. Considering the fact that Fallout 3 plus all its DLC was $120+ I'm not too concerned on that price range. If you're interested of hours of addictive gameplay filled with ninja robots and a whole lot of dead people, you've come to the right place. Fight on, Tenno.
game-hours: 25.2
review: awsome game but im hoping they will fix some of the lag and bugs that are occasionally seen
game-hours: 234.3
review: It never ever lags, its completely free, it will keep getting better as you play it, there is so much more than just the trailers and pictures. What can I say, GET IT! ITS AWESOME!
game-hours: 15.2
review: This game is a great free to play, I really insist you get it. This game is very different. For a free to play game, it actaully doesn't look like a lower resolution game. This game offers stunning graphics and glorious lighting. And after you get over the lovely graphics, you can head straight to the high impact fighting. This game has a level system and you can set your character to however your play style is. If you enjoy staffs and swords. Use the mods and make a melee build, or if you prefer automatics. Use some mods and make a rifle build. Just incase you get annoyed with your character, you can always get a new class a 'Warframe" to be exact. This game has a high replay value and I enjoy playing it. One downside to this game is that it's pay to win, but that doesn't even matter to be honest. 10/10 - Best space game ever.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Warframe is the frequently updated, lovingly supported, free-to-play outing from Digital Extremes, the team that brought you 2008s mutagen-filled Dark Sector. In fact, Warframe is the not-so-direct sequel to Dark Sector in that it takes place a good handful of millennia after the conclusion of its predecessor. But dont worry about plot, because Warframes story is thinner than water. Youre a Tenno, a humanoid being descended from the protagonist of Dark Sector. Revived by the Lotus, a mysterious entity who seeks to bring balance to the Milky Way, youre sent out to do battle with space marines, space zombies, and space corporates (seriously) with your space ninja superpowers, provided (in part) by your Warframe, a bio-organic suit of armor created by a virus that has begun to infest the entire star system. Warframe is an oddball of a game to classify. Its part MMO, part Monster Hunter, part Mass Effect 3 co-op, part Vanquish, and then some. The game is so hard to describe, in fact, that Ive coined a new genre for it: space-ninja simulator (okay, its a third-person action shooter MMO, but shut up). When you first begin, youll be dropped into a tutorial that teaches you simple movement tricks like jogging and sprinting, firing your weapons, and hacking things apart with your sword. Immediately following this, youre dropped into the general UI and shown a big galaxy map (think Mass Effects galaxy map), an inventory screen, a foundry (where youll craft things), a store, and some other options. Here is where Warframes biggest folly lies: not once are you ever told how these work. Some of these elements are pretty easy to pick up on (click a planet on the map to bring up nodes; these represent missions, which unlock branching paths when you play them), but others are more complicated (How do I make weapons? How do I get more Warframes? Whats an Orokin Catalyst?), and will require alternative methods to learn about and utilize. Thankfully, Warframe has a big community, so its not hard to pull up a Google search and find a half-dozen listings for why Excalibur is the best starting frame and why all the gear youre given to start with isnt going to hold up. If youve ever played Vanquish for any length of time, then you already have a fairly good grasp on how Warframe works. While you wont be slowing time down, virtually anything you can pull off in Platinum Games underrated 2011 shooter can be done here. However, there isnt a single bit of hand-holding, which, as previously mentioned, is the biggest issue with the game. Tricks like sliding on your knees to move rapidly while unloading rounds on your foes, running up a wall to reach a better vantage point, and zipping through the air with your feet outstretched to kick enemies to the ground are all things you must find out through experimentation or word of mouth. While its a cool idea to keep these as things to find out on your own, the acrobatics of Warframe are a huge portion of what makes it unique. Theres nothing quite like running along a wall while laying down a hail of gunfire on unfortunately located foes below. Warframes unique blend of gunplay and melee is an unconventional approach to the shooting genre. While melee is almost always an option, its rarely given the same level of importance as the firearms you wield. Not so here  youre actively encouraged to take advantage of the many stunts your melee weapon of choice grants you. While straight up punching at the faces of your foes isnt the most viable option, leaping into the air and slamming a massive blade into the air to trip over your foes, giving some poor sod on the floor a flurry of punches to the face from a pair of gauntlets, or bisecting a mob of degenerating clones with an electric whip are just a few of the choices youre given when it comes to hacking enemies apart. Not all weapons are the same, however, so while the Obex fisticuffs look cool (they taze and they punch!), theyre not going to be nearly as practical as the Scindo battleaxe. Thankfully, theres a lot of gear to choose from, and the frequency of updates from Digital Extremes will see to it that you never run out of options. Warframe I saw this in Kill la Kill! There is no overworld in Warframe to speak of. The entire game consists of instances (organized by nodes on a web map), with missions that vary in faction, objective, potential loot, and tile set. Each faction is a completely different force to compete against, as the Grineer utilize overwhelming numbers and heavy armor, while the Corpus defend themselves with shields and robots that act as cannon fodder. Lastly, the Infested are a race that does what the name implies: over time, planets containing nodes that denote specific missions will become infested, and you will temporarily ally with that nodes faction to repel the infestation. Once the infestation meter for that planet is reduced to zero, the original faction will move back in, and the conflict resumes once again. An interesting feature of Warframe is the previously mentioned tile set. Tile sets are different, grid-based chunks of a level that are randomly selected before every mission begins to make a completely unique level to explore and do battle in (much like TimeSplitters, though youre not the one making the maps). The open-ended nature of tile sets means that you can end up in an expansive or linear map, making some missions lengthy and full of loot to find and use for crafting new gear, or others short and sweet to make boss runs that much shorter. While some may be irked by the idea of layouts not set in stone, the idea of never running into the exact same map twice is a refreshing take on the co-op shooter. Weapons can be modded for improved stats and the ability to generate elemental effects, like fire, ice, and even radiation. Weapons can be modded for improved stats and the ability to generate elements reactions, like ice and fire. One of Warframes biggest draws is the flashy, non-competitive gameplay you can enjoy with friends for the low price of free. However, the label of free is all too obvious, with all weapons, Warframes, and other gear being objects you can purchase right out of the box (albeit at inflated prices easily circumvented by farming for the parts needed to make these frames). While many items (such as the coveted, raid-exclusive Prime equipment) require that players achieve them instead of pulling out the wallet, the idea of being able to buy the newest gun the moment its released is quite odd. However, not one item that affects your ability to perform the game is behind a pay wall; all non-cosmetic items (and even then, some cosmetics) can be obtained with the simple concept of invested time. This is where the Monster Hunter comparisons come into play: if you want to get a new Latron rifle, youll have to purchase the blueprint with credits (earned through regular play) and construct it in the foundry using materials found during different missions. Once youve begun construction, timers come into play. This is another aspect of Wareframes free-to-play status. If youre patient, your new gun will be ready within the next 12-24 hours. If you want your fancy new rifle now, however, youll need to drop a small amount of money to rush the build to completion. While its not going to impede your ability to participate normally, it wouldnt be a surprise if this turned many away from the idea of playing the game. However, the nature of the game is the grind. You can always be better, and thus, youll almost always be looking for the next big thing to find, as there are no real goals set for you (outside of big events) besides the ones you want to achieve. Thus, you may love Warframe, or you may actively despise it. 8/10
game-hours: 1.6
review: fake and gay <3
game-hours: 49.6
review: Second best game i have ever played
game-hours: 932.9
review: Although it is quite repetitive, what with the grinding for materials to upgrade your weapons, the graphics are amazing and the game is constantly updated with great new content. Also, the hard work you put in to upgrade your weapons is truly worth it as you will notice the before and after difference in all of your weapons' power.
game-hours: 14.8
review: This game yank me from real life...
game-hours: 476.6
review: Haha! What a splendid game of dungeons and dr- wait. This isn't DnD? Well it certainly is a brilliant game to say the least! Played for a total of 300+ hours (not all at once, mind you) and I can say for certain that this game is a very in-depth one. The story may need a bit of work, the gameplay may tend to be a tiny bit repetitive, but overall this game is one that I'm sure you'll enjoy! It's absolutely packed with content and it's array of features is slowly accumulating so expect to see something new everytime you come back from a break. Download this game, if you already have then get back to work Tenno! :D
game-hours: 404.3
review: Great Game I love it but it can get repetative sometimes but if you got a great group of friends to play with it can be a really awesome game and I see the People all like " But its pay to win thats it just pay to win" and yes I will say there are some aspects that show the Pay to Win but as playing this game I have found that even people who pay real world money on Warframes and weapons are really just as good as you Myself I've been running an Excalibur the very 1st starter Warframe for 2 weeks and I can keep up with all the others in high risk mission I've actually been better then a lot of Frost, Loki, Rhino, and Mag Primes its just how you play if you run and gun or if you play it smart from a distance 9 / 10 If you have the time play it. Warframes a great game to play just make sure you got the time cause the mission can be really time consuming
game-hours: 624.2
review: 8/10 The game can be pretty aggressive on purchasing platinum since it is a free-to-play and it requires a lot of grinding at first but it is well worth it. Very fun game with tons of options and challenges with a good steam account sync.
game-hours: 36.0
review: this game is a great grind. its grind are 10/10 i went ahead of my frind because i was bored of playing aneeded to grind if u liked destiny you will love this but i will hate u casue destiny is  and can go burn this could be destiny Its Destiny.
game-hours: 3.4
review: So why is this game free again
game-hours: 5.9
review: Holy crap did I poop my pants when I realized this game was out. We're talking like a clean dookey.
game-hours: 497.9
review: I can't get enough of this game. They are always updating and adding content. 2 Thumbs up! Fight like a Space Ninja!
game-hours: 549.7
review: i love this game might take a long time to start but at the end worth it
game-hours: 2337.6
review: Free 2 play , awesome gameplay and graphics.No need to donate like in other typical games.Very good community.
game-hours: 451.4
review: I need to go see a therapist about my addiction to this game, but I'll be late because I'll be completing an alert for a Vauban part. -11/10
game-hours: 25.5
review: At last! What a game!!!!!!!!! Fealing like I'm not going to play any other than Warframe lol AWSOME GRAPHICS AND VISUALL EFECTS!!
game-hours: 439.8
review: Extremely amazing game. As well as the fact it is somewhat a sequal to the game "dark sector" which i love so much. Edit: If your really willing to donate the time, you don't absolutely have to spend money. Grind, grind, grind some moar, then get that shiny new Excal prime you always wanted....oh wait.
game-hours: 1734.5
review: Amazing F2P that I have devoted over 1000 hours to myself, ITS SPACE NINJA IN SPACE!!! what more do you need to know?
game-hours: 63.2
review: Great game with friends!
game-hours: 378.7
review: ing awesome.
game-hours: 18.2
review: Best free Ninja game ever .. i played closed beta (in 2013 and i like it) now i started agin .
game-hours: 241.5
review: Finally feeling like a ninja with the melee overhaul. Pros + Good graphics (Some low res textures here and there though) + Lots of customization (even without $$$ as you can trade parts for "premium money") + Huge playerbase + Lots of updates + Quick loading times + Melee is a real combat option! (Feels like a different game) Neutral * Archwing is nice but needs more mixing with normal gameplay like in the first AW-mission. Cons - Only a few quests - Unbalanced weapons and powers - Still a huge grindfest - RNG item farming Warframe has lured me back with the new updates and I guess it's a nice timesink. Score: 70/100 Improved a lot over the years.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Really laggy but is a great game in all
game-hours: 402.5
review: A ninja style free-to-play game. What's not to like? They don't have none of this play-to-win rubbish, either. Everything in the game, apart from cosmetics can be obtained with a bit elbow grease and love. The con? As soon as they catch wind of powerful Warframes, weapons or augment mods, they nerf them back a considerable amount. Even with the nerfing, I can safely say I got addicted to the damned game. Good job, Digital Extremes.
game-hours: 143.8
review: A fine co-op-stravaganza for those who like being space ninjas with guns.
game-hours: 180.8
review: I have had the most fun with this game in the short amount of time I've had to play it, I can't play it right now since my laptop no longer has the horse-power needed to run it, and since its online I made a few good friends in the prosses that I'm pretty sure I probably wouldn't even know if I never played this game, this is the kind of game thats allot more fun with friends and even then this game is really fun alone, and it can spark new and sometimes life long friendships if your lucky like I was, so for anyone on the fence about downloading this game I highly recommend this game, its free it has really fun gameplay and like I said before if your lucky you will meet some cool people that you can have fun with.
game-hours: 52.2
review: This game is quite fun with friends
game-hours: 142.3
review: For a free to play game,this game has so much detail and lore within it and you can totally play it free.Its great
game-hours: 197.8
review: Great game, should get it and try it out after all it is free and a great game
game-hours: 98.6
review: You can lower the elevator on your teammate and make him stuck the whole mission. 10/10
game-hours: 546.7
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING
game-hours: 27.6
review: Me and my friend downloaded this game like "Seems like fun, lets give it a try!" And then we spent 5 hours on it. Very fun game. :)
game-hours: 461.6
review: Life-wasting machine. 11/10 would grind again
game-hours: 61.6
review: Two words: Space Ninjas
game-hours: 3120.7
review: I played it a little bit and it seems really good, still need to play more for a better view of it.
game-hours: 90.9
review: Very good game. It is often updated, and when it is, there is lots of new stuff. The graphics are great, especially for a free game. Anything that other people pay real money for, you can earn yourself. Even if it takes a little bit longer, you can be out killing things while you wait! I would rate 9/10
game-hours: 0.3
review: ok take cods gameplay and halo aleins and technology  and make them have sex ya get this except THER NINJAS!
game-hours: 8.2
review: This is what destiny should have been like. If you were ever thinking of getting destiny DONT, just get this, its 10x better and actually has content. Will definitely be supporting the devs as much as possible. Great game.
game-hours: 816.5
review: best game best game 10/10 - Jontron 2013
game-hours: 32.2
review: great third person, futuristic, assasins creed kind of game
game-hours: 874.2
review: So intense, much wow, very doge
game-hours: 20.8
review: I lost 6 of my respawns in less then 2 minutes 11/10 would do it again
game-hours: 2750.1
review: Free to play, slightly addicting and self challenging. Can be very repetitive, but it's all in the story you make for yourself. Much more enjoyable with others to play with. I've logged over 500hrs without anyone that i knew, and it's a let down. Grab some buds and make your story as you go. It will be fun, i promise. Enjoy.
game-hours: 59.5
review: I Highly Recommend this game to all players That Like 3rd Person Shooters. This Game Isn't Very Laggy If You Crank The Settings DOwn And It's Overall A GREAT game. Try It Out!!
game-hours: 9.0
review: man these robots r so sexy i dream about a big rhino with me at nite
game-hours: 21.2
review: Cyborg Ninja Third Person Shooter That's as succinct a description as I can think of. You play as a variant (over 20 kinds) of Grey Fox from MGS1, or Raiden, whatever you prefer, in a far future Solar System filled with humanoids, robots and infested Flood (from Halo) like aliens that you shoot and slash and stab and stealthy stab and energy stab and jump stab and do other things I haven't unlocked yet. Its got crafting and a grind to match for the specific items you want, but I don't mind that since I find the core gameplay of shooting and running and jumping and somersaulting really really fun. So yeah, play this game. Its free and the vast majority of content is completely free. Only cosmetics are forced to buy with money dollars.
game-hours: 267.0
review: I will start by saying weather or not the game is fun is going to depend entirely on weather or not you find the endless grind of typical MMOs fun. Because once you get past a certain point the game devolves from an interesting third person space ninja shooter with crazy weapons, Into just another Grind fest. Doing the same missions over and over to farm enough resources to build that one gun you wanted to try out. Example: Spend an entire day farming all the parts for the Miter, and after all that hard work, spend another day waiting for it to build. (Or rush it if you feel like wasting your hard earned cash) Then use nothing but this weapon until it max ranks. then toss it asside and repeat. After a while no variety of weapon, no variation on "Point and shoot" in this game continues to be fun. The same enimies time and time again, the same tilesets time and time again, and the same Grind that never stops. And while it is entirely posible to play this game without spending a dime and actually get Plat (the stuff that cost real money) The amount of grinding involved is excevive even for a free to play game. As another example of how bad it can be. Back when Kubros were first introduced into the game, you could get one to have as a companion during missions. I spent nearly 200 runs of the same mission before i got the drop for the egg i needed to get one. (or spend real money on it, but i wasnt going to do that) Only to then have to wait 3 more days for it to hatch and mature to be able to use the thing. The same kind of grind goes for getting Prime frames. Run missions over and over until you get the Blue prints for the parts. Blue Prints. That take an entire day to build each. Then when you have all the parts. you build the Frame itself. that takes a total of 3 days time to build. All that hard work, to sit on your  and wait. Or spend 5 bucks to rush all the builds. In my final thoughts on it. I think warframe is a great game that falls flat on its face simply for being to much of a free to play. Trying to force people into buying things that can be grinded without money by making it take ungodly long periods of time. This game is the Farmville of Shooters. And i give it a 7/10 Good, but to greedy. A Free to wait game
game-hours: 404.1
review: awesome sauce get it its free
game-hours: 84.6
review: they call this game warframe because ur at war with ur wallet because everything is so damn expensive LOL why play the game when i can play my moms credit card
game-hours: 1081.8
review: After playing warframe for 1000 hours I'll say it definetely was a blast and still is. It never ceases to fail me that it always made me and my friends feel like were badasses. One shotting things and wiping rooms in mere seconds made me feel like a god almost. When ever it came to the hard stuff it was a bunch a teamwork and skill to output such great results whether it be survival or defense missions. Although this game is not perfect with its few glitches and grindfests (freaking rng >_<), I feel it has come along way and from its beta till now. This game is about the journey not the quest (sometimes :3).
game-hours: 457.8
review: UP to now, it've been great playing this game
game-hours: 2.9
review: I'm willing to sacrifice the rest of my life for this.
game-hours: 132.6
review: Fantastic game! Lots of gamemodes and large variety of weapons. Not those type of MMO's that is not paid to win where everything is that is exclusive is possible to get if you take the time and hours to farm for it.
game-hours: 117.6
review: Theres really not much to say when you can cleave five people in half at once
game-hours: 371.2
review: well. 371.2hrs on this game isn't much for those warframe pros. i recommend this game who loves to play farming games. farm farm exp farm every single thing to get those that looks really cool. but after so much time spent. waiting for foundries... i decided to stop... just... can't... stand it anymore. lot's of new warframe shells are coming. and there are only 2 slots given by the game. need to buy with real money or sell stuff...well...uh... yeah. pretty much it. recommended... i have no life after playing this game
game-hours: 1080.6
review: Great Game. Worth putting the time and effort into. the game gives a different atmosphere of gameplay, something that you will want more and more of. theres alot of stuff to do ingame. you have Dojo's (clans) which u can customise fully however you like. you also have a handfull of great weapons to choose from and customize at will. theres a great community backing the game too. also the developers at warframe are very good, they are very helpful for whenever you need them e.g. technical issues and wateva else. They bring great content to the game every so month or season like xmas, easter and so on. while on a certain mission, its great just to take your time and look around the map, the way they design the map and have all different secret areas for you to xplore and discover is just awsome. Only down side i have had with the game would be just the lagg, some games i join might have cr*ppy internet, so it pretty much makes the mission impossible to do cause, sometimes you will not see the enemies around you or doors will not open for you but for others it will. but those are just minor things. everything else... is just awesome! plus.. you become a space ninja what more could you ask for!? :D
game-hours: 44.9
review: A fantastic game that would be universes better with FAR FAR FAR more variety in it's environments and objectives.
game-hours: 139.0
review: Jouable  4 joueurs max. en coop, des graphismes pousss, un monde de science-fiction attirant et bas sur notre systme solaire, 12 warframes diffrents, 4 sorts uniques par warframe, une multitude d'arme allant de l'arc au fusil automatique en passant par les doubles haches et les marteaux, des mouvements acrobatiques impressionnants, .. bref un jeu vraiment trs jouable !!
game-hours: 2.8
review: One of the best Free to play MMORPG's I've ever played. The game is not pay to win, all warframes and weapons can be crafted except excalibur prime as this is for founders only. Even if you don't play for a while you can still go back to the game and play with friends who may be a different level. The game requires alot of time and effort (Grind). Regardless this doesn't really matter as it is very fun with friends and solo, solo just providing more of a challenge!
game-hours: 252.5
review: Plays for two years. Gets banned for no reason for 20 years. 8/8 Would get banned again.
game-hours: 84.7
review: Best game to those crazy nights with friends. This game gets updated everytime and it keeps getting better and better!
game-hours: 55.9
review: This game is one of the best free to play games out there, you will find yourself playing late into the night building new warframes, upgrading weapons and playing with friends! Plus, it's free, so it's always worth a try:)
game-hours: 2362.5
review: amazing game
game-hours: 198.6
review: FRICKEN AMAZING!!
game-hours: 166.5
review: Why is this game free? Someone, tell me. Its better then alot of games that cost 60$. Is it mabey because of the little amount of in-game purchases? (Which can be avoided) AC Unity had tons of those, and it was a 60$ game. Someone tell me, why is it free? EDIT: Its because these developers care about making a good game, not about making money. Thankyou, may your company live long, and prosper. (Dangit Spock)
game-hours: 392.6
review: AwesomE
game-hours: 1624.9
review: Great Free 2 Play game , totally addictive
game-hours: 94.1
review: I'm not one who easily gets hooked into your typical shooter. To a certain degree, Warframe is quite unique as a Third Person Shooter game. Each individual Warframe (character you play as creatively named after the title) has their own unique sort of play style which can help your team either very little, or you could be a Banshee where you point out weak spots, or Loki who disarms every enemy within range to make the fight easier for you. For those who aren't after a shooter that's similar to the Call of Duty scene (Which is getting increasingly bland with every new release), I'd give this game a try. Sure the missions get repetitive at times, but this game should have enough content to more or less keep you coming back for more.
game-hours: 60.8
review: Beat a  with another  24/7
game-hours: 234.8
review: Love this game. nothing better then a bunch of OP space Ninja's hacking up the univers. Be Prepared though for a hard learning curve and a bit of grinding to level and collect what you need. but still worth it for a game that already is so polished for a beta
game-hours: 901.8
review: I haven't played it much, but it's alright. Gets a little repetitive though.
game-hours: 739.6
review: THIS GAME IS ING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPACE NINJAS KILLING SPACE ALIENS WHO ARE KILLING CLONES AND THEY ARE KILLING MACHINES. I CAN'T STOP PLAYING!! I THINK MY CAPS LOCK IS BROKEN.....
game-hours: 7.6
review: Super Teenage Mutant Ninja Master Chief's
game-hours: 895.6
review: Rage quit after grinding too long . Hour later, returned to grind and qq for something merely impossible to obtain. 10/10 would qq again.
game-hours: 42.2
review: Ninjas in Space. What's more awesome?
game-hours: 118.1
review: I had fun playing it but eventually you will get bored of it when you realize there is no more objectives.
game-hours: 132.4
review: Before you mod weapons, look online and see good builds. I learned this the hard way...
game-hours: 660.5
review: A very fun and addicting game with a fair and mostly balanced F2P microtransaction model. You can play this game entirely for free and experience all of it's content for free. The only exception being that the only worthwhile things to obain using ereal money are slot for weapons and warframes.
game-hours: 255.8
review: it is yes
game-hours: 913.3
review: All my yes.
game-hours: 164.6
review: its good but im stuck on the menu ship and cant get off
game-hours: 769.5
review: An intensely fun, free to play, third person shooter. Tons of fun, but if you don't want to pay for premium currency, prepare to spend lots of hours grinding. Not a ton of stuff at end of game, but lots to do for newer player.
game-hours: 3.0
review: EDITED works fine now and plays great patched fixed it yay =) gameplay is fun recommended
game-hours: 8.3
review: Well I see now who Bungie ripped off to make Destiny. Warframe is awesome with so much to do. I've had a blast playing and wish a few of my friends would play so I can get some co-op action going.
game-hours: 202.1
review: This is a great game for a fun time anytime.
game-hours: 276.3
review: I'm a fan of the muliplayer FPS, MMO and RPG scenes. I love the idea of an FPS in a Diablo suit, but I was worried it would be too repetitive. Would the replayability be there? The answer: A circumstantial Yes. I would highly reccomend that you play this game with friends. If you are solo the game can quickly become tedious. However, with friends time flies by! Something else that is not readily apparent - There is a somewhat steep learning curve to this game. Understanding how mods interact with polarity slots, how damage is calculated, various weaknesses and strengths, and learning all the warframes (really what style of play suits you) can be a daunting task. New players will find the first system of missions easy enough, but will soon find enemies that prove a real challenge. The correct application of mods on your warframe and weapons will be essential. All in all Digital Extremes is putting in a great deal of work into making this game an amazing experience. Updates are constant. It's free to play with an ingame store for both normal currency and paid currency. Everything that can be bought with real money can also be obtained without real money (except extra inventory space and a few cosmetics) and without too much difficulty. Try it out - what have you got to lose?
game-hours: 1876.8
review: Horribly addicting. But it doesn't catch unless you play with friends.
game-hours: 2565.2
review: Its pretty good. I like it.
game-hours: 659.7
review: Simply put, one of the best free to play games out there in more than one genre, not only the vast ammount of content and missions FULLY available for you even if you didnt spend a bloody dime on the game make up for hundreds of hours of gameplay, the vast and colorful variety of weapons that let you obliterate, decimate (looks into a dictionary) tear apart... eww, more stuff like that! plus the wide cast of characters that are ALSO completely free (given you play missions, gather materials blah blah blah rpg elements) this game puts everything at your reach, you only have to play it! oh yeah one downside... get GeForce or GtfO (jk but you ll probably lag during the massive skirmishes)
game-hours: 9.0
review: Beautiful game with tons of fun Co-Op gameplay. Pick it up, it's free.
game-hours: 155.5
review: For a free game, it's pretty good with its gameplay and graphics. Kind of similar to the Destiny game. Beside it's heavy micro-transaction based nature, everything else is awesome. Most of the cash item can be forge with a little more hunting. Of course there are cash item that cannot be forge or purchase with in-game currency. Conclusion: Good game for people that like grinding. Bad game for people that have short attention span.
game-hours: 1169.0
review: Before you read this reveiw, you must consider these questions three: Is the game worth my money? Is the game worth my time? Are the developers in touch with the community? Now that you've done this, I will read your mind and answer three questions you have about Warframe. "Is the game worth my money?" I will dismiss this question out of hand, as a simple glance at the price will answer this. "Is the game worth my time?" This is where it gets tricky to answer. Warframe isn't for everyone. There's no underaged kids telling you that you're a "Haxxer," there's not very much math involced, and worst of all, there's precious few instances of acronyms and/or bizzare phraseology with which to confuse new players. In all seriousness, however, there are problems with Warframe's delivery. The gameplay itself is fun, the perfect blend of fast and tactical, with enough customizability on Warframes and weapons to allow a broad variety of playstyles. The troubles come when not playing the game, however. A new player, after slowly acquiring the blueprints and materials nescessary to build a brand-new Warframe, will suddenly find themselves faced with an intimidating three-day wait until it's done, and Warframe makes it very clear that a little cash will make it go faster. When I first built a new Warframe, (It was Ember, if I remember correctly,) I rapidly went from excited to depressed to angry to saddened. To the new player, this wait is an annoying wall that stands between them and fun, a barrier placed by malicious and evil developers who hate all manner of fun and enjoyment. Fast forward to a few months later, when this once-new player has three Warframes they need to rank up, two waiting to be claimed, and another building. Although Warframe's enforced waiting period seems like a cheap money-grab at low levels, it becomes less and less meaningful to a patient and determined player as they progress. However, this is really the most important thing about Warframe. If you arn't patient, if, like Veruca Salt, you "Want it now!" then Warframe will probably irritate and annoy you. If you have the patience to stick with it, however, you'll find a fun and entertaining game with a good variety of gameplay and weapons. "Are the developers in touch with the community?" If you've made it to this part of the reveiw, you should get yourself a cookie. Once you've done that, I'll answer this question. Yes. The developers, Digital Extremes, is very in touch with the community, releasing fairly frequent updates and devstreams. They keep a good touch on what the players want, and do their best to deliver it, with only a few instances of failure. We're not likely to see the next Cube World/Stomping Land in Warframe. In summary, the only drawback of Warframe is the patience required to get started. With that said, however, it's free, so why not try it out and see how you like it? See you in the game, Tenno.
game-hours: 256.4
review: I Would Recomend this game for people who enjoy playing grindier games It's quite the time sinker if you like it to be, always thinking about what is the next step, what weapons you should be leveling up and modding As you get more into it, you will expand and build you own kind of gameplay with you own set of favourit warframe , and there are quite a lot to choose from , I would recomend also to be a few people playing it as a team as it enhance the experience and makes it easier to achive goal's that contributes to you own agenda
game-hours: 465.2
review: The game is centred around a group of "space ninjas" or tenno who aim to maintain some form of balance in the galaxy. They are lead by a mysterious being known only as the Lotus in their task. Each tenno is able to equip a warframe or battle suit to use in their fight, they each have their own abilities, strengths and weaknesses. The game has a slow start but does get better with the aquisition of new weapons and warframes,most of the game is based around improving your gear and weapons and there is pvp if you want to compare with friends. The story is still unfolding in the game so it may seem very subtle but the actions you perform do have an impact, even if it is just a minor one. + Good gameplay + Varied Weapons and Warframes(Abilities) + Varied Maps and enviroments - Slow to start - Can feel "grind" heavy for free to play players 8/10 Would play for hours.
game-hours: 26.3
review: It's space ninjas and parkour, what could be better?
game-hours: 563.9
review: The game is a great mix of third person shooter with space ninjas and elements of rpg games like wow and guild wars(in terms od weapon and character customization). overall i will sugest this game to everyone who want to have a lot of fun with over the top shooter and doesnt want to pay a lot of money(you will need to spend some time if u dont want to spend money at all) 9/10
game-hours: 1039.0
review: Similar to Global Agenda, lots of fun & something different.
game-hours: 477.8
review: This is my first video game ever played and it's the game i play the most on my free time. I absolutely love this game! It's my favourite! I would highly recommend it!
game-hours: 1321.9
review: It's okay, I guess...
game-hours: 87.4
review: hello people
game-hours: 161.7
review: omg i love this game so much,i can pull myself out of this gameXDDDDD
game-hours: 12.3
review: awesome game i love a bit hard a some points but amazing
game-hours: 41.7
review: All i have to say is. NINJA'S IN SPAAACCEEEE! The american servers are a bit slow so be patient. other than that i give it 7 outta 10
game-hours: 2405.1
review: After playing for a ridiculous amount of time, I've concluded that it's probably one of the most engaging games I have played.
game-hours: 71.8
review: i thought this game was cool back when i first played it in closed beta forever ago. just started playing it in earnest this week and i have to say its alot of fun. more so when i played it originally. it takes some work to get into and figure everything out but the tutorials are pretty helpful for modding and such
game-hours: 127.0
review: A great game became better with a newly introduced story line and quests. It's a difficult grind to get the better gear if you don't spend cash for Platinum or purchase packs, but it's still possible to get all high-end gear in-game without spending money. A great time sink, the game gets better and better as you put more and more time into it.
game-hours: 479.2
review: best game ever , THERE ARE SPACE NINJAS IN IT 11/10
game-hours: 787.4
review: You. Are. A. Space. Ninja. That's right... SPACE NINJA!> Do I even need to explain anything else? Space ninja.
game-hours: 486.7
review: After playing this game for over a year, I have come to the conclusion that it is highly addictive, and has the potential to be something great. The combat is really fun, from being a stealthy and fast Loki, to a Tank like the Rhino, there is a Warframe to suit everyone. Pros: The game itself can be played without spending a single cent. The combat is fun, and can range in difficulty to easy to impossibly frustrating. The middle game and endgame content keeps you playing, and once you figure out how to actually play the game and how the systems work, it become easy to play. However, higher level missions are best done in groups, the maximum level difficulty that is possible to solo without dying would probably be 20 until you get endgame level gear. Participating in a clan/alliance is almost necessary during the endgame, but it is easy to either form your own or join an existing one. New game content is almost added, providing new things to do in the game, so unless you are a veteran, you will always have something to do. Cons: The game is not easy to pick up. The farming is almost unbearable as time goes on. The Early game is almost unbearable, and the Late game is rather stagnant, even with the additions of PvP and clan/alliance conflicts. Once you get to the end, all that is left to do is grind the same content over and over again. Although the same content is entertaining, you will find yourself taking long breaks from the game in order to make it feel fresh again. I personally just started playing again after 7 months of not playing, and I am enjoying the latest update. On a final note, the Platinum prices are ridiculous, and the artificial difficulty created by the low drop rates is clearly designed to keep you playing and paying.
game-hours: 226.3
review: Although the bugs may be a turn off, i absolutely love this game. Constant updates large and small keep the game more varied and interesting. The game alone may not seem to interesting but playing with friends is really fun. The warframes vary well having different support, offensive, and defensive abilities. Also this is probably the best looking free to play around right now. Overall if you have the room to download, give it a chance and play with friends and you will end up putting some hours into it.
game-hours: 433.0
review: My favourite Sci-Fi Game so far. 10/10 for me. The graphics are beautiful, the choice of weapons, warframes(characters) and mods(to upgrade all these) are just huge. The game is mostly a co-op game, with a maximum of four players per mission. Your mission goals vary, the environment varies, everything is perfect. Only one thing I don't like: the updates. When a major update comes out(like new mission type, new event, etc.) there are so many bugs and glitches and sometimes a lots of game crashes, that it makes almost impossible to play peacefully for one or two days. They should focus on looking for these problems and repair them A.S.A.P. In brief this is a beautiful game, interesting, always gives you something new to reach. I have 350+ game hours and I'm still enjoying it.
game-hours: 897.8
review: Great game. Amazing fast pace combat more skill then grinding for gear. Expansive with many aspects including crafting and clan hall building. Great to play with friends.
game-hours: 285.0
review: As you can see, I've played this game quite a bit. I really enjoyed (most) of the time I played, but there were some bugs and stupid stuff here and there. Be advised; you will have to farm for everything you want to get. Even though the game is kinda buggy and REALLY unbalanced, it is a lot of fun (especially with friends!) and i would recommend at least trying this out, cause its FREE!
game-hours: 262.2
review: Who can go wrong with magic ninjas in power suits vs marines, zombies, and robots? You can have multiple suits (each with their own powers) / guns / melee weapons going at the same time, somewhat supportive community, still growing... Great if you want to try a different F2P game, but it does get repetetive quite quickly, if you don't have friends to play with
game-hours: 342.3
review: ninjas in space
game-hours: 112.8
review: Fly around as a space ninja and   up. Everything else in life is pointless now. 5/5
game-hours: 22.4
review: This is my review: (This is ma short version: Quite cool and awesome, love the different movement aspect and warframes, 9/10, keep the updates coming guys!) 1. Saw game thought...Ninja play free? ITS FREE, THAT MEANS I AM A NINJA! 2. Waited for 2 hours and lost 10g to play the game 3. Started, thought hmmmmmm space ninjas with space swords and space guns 4. Finished starter campaign, realised DAMN IT, I didnt want Excalibur! I WANTED MAG 5. Started grinding, on walls and on missions 6. Went "Ah stuff this I'll spend like 20 bucks on it" 7. Got Nyx, a sentinel and some flaming cape made of light 8. Went :O controlling peoples minds 9. Realised no one plays with me :( 10. Bribed friends to come play with money! 11. Still havin the time of my life 12. Wait your still reading? Whats wrong with you? In short I give it 100000 Vors out of 10nos
game-hours: 612.7
review: Fantastic game. It has the ability to catch the player's mind up in the fantastic visuals and immersive game play with the three other random players you get matched up with ( if you play with other people).
game-hours: 169.1
review: This is probably one of the best f2p games i have ever played. Great Graphics for a F2P game and not a realy demanding game for the pc. Gameplay is awsome and combat system is great. Swords and Guns always mix well and cybernetic ninja FTW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. There are some slight problems with it, the level design is lacking, there needs to be more creative mission types, and going solo in this game is never the best way to play. I would give a 9 out 10, it truly an awsome game. SO download it now and play it. (DID I MENTION IT's FREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
game-hours: 819.2
review: Take the gun combat from Mass Effect and the sword acrobatics from the Prince of Persia, put them together and you get the Awesomeness that is Warframe. It is Free, it is Old School, and it is a blast.
game-hours: 242.0
review: Excillent graphics and sound effects. I'm downloading this game now. Can't wait to play (i apoligize for my spelling, i have wrote this at 2:00 am)
game-hours: 23.7
review: its awesome
game-hours: 3.3
review: THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 6.1
review: fuc king rubber ducks n shh it, gg, gg in deed
game-hours: 51.5
review: great game but i hate the fact that if you die 4 times you have to wait a day or pay money. that is the stupidest excuse for a quick buck.
game-hours: 32.5
review: If You Like Cooperation Play it
game-hours: 135.4
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1369.4
review: One of my all-time favorite games. No its not everyon's cup of tea. The game is focused entirely on 4 player coop with an AMAZING art and design style, the fast-paced and largely enjoyable gun-play/sword-play combo all in one package. yes it can get grindy, but a large part of the fun is going out and crafting all the various weapons from a multitude of components and resources you find, while fighting varying enemies (currently, 4 main enemy factions: corpus (robots/shied focused), grineer (cloned human/armor focused), infected (bio-technocyte virus/ general zerg-ish focused), and corrupted ( a mix of the previous 3 with a few twists ). each faction has its major weaknesses and strengths, so you will never be facing hordes of the same enemy over and over... there are a HUGE number of varying enemies to fight and places to go in the solar system. the overarching storyline is slowly being fleshed out by the devs, and it's quite interesting, certainly not the run-of-the-mill, and the suppsoed protaganists (you) the tenno, are not always acting in the best interests of humanity as a whole, so the player can choose (all RP for now anyway) your role in the powder keg that is the solar system in the timeframe the game is set (thousands of years from now). TL;DR - many different space ninjas with badass guns and swords. that is all.
game-hours: 2144.1
review: Ive changed this review from negative to positive, as I do enjoy the game. Just hard to get into. This is a really fun game. Its just extremly grindy. Which is why its hard to recommend. Its very difficult to get into unless you have a lot of patience, and really dont mind grindfest games. If you do however, then by all means play it! It took me over 400hrs of playing to reach the point that I wanted to be at in this game, which is max rank (17 right now), every Warframe in my inventory, and over 50 weapons along with every mod that has been released. (Excluding some event specific gear. Ive had my account since closed beta, but didnt get to play till about update 11, (4 majort updates ago at the time of this writing) It has one of the best F2P models around. You start the game with a free 50 platinum (roughly 3 bucks worth of premium currency) and this can be used to unlock extra slots for weapons or frames. You start with 2 frame slots and about 8 weapon slots. Each weapon or frame that you build takes up on of these slots, no slots and you cannot claim your built items. (12 platinum for 2 weapon slots or 20 for one frame slot) This premium currency can be earned by trading rare items or mods in the public trade chat channel. No weapon or frame rentals in this game,(which is a good thing!) you build everything you use or you can buy with platinum outright. (Usually overpriced in the market.) Everything gameplay and weapon wise can be built with materials found in missions, however the build process is excruciating sometimes as builds for weapons take a minimum of 12 HOURS, where frames take at least 72 HOURS! Every weapon and frame can be obtained from playing the game, or by buying it from the game's market. Every piece of gear is permanent until you sell it. The only thing that you cannot earn by playing is cosmetics.(Unless a special event is active and is a part of the rewards) Those are all platinum exclusive purchases. This game is still in beta, and has been for a year and a half or so. Full release is STILL quite a ways off.
game-hours: 1170.4
review: This is a game I've been playing consistently for over a year now. The development team communicates with the community extremely well and they do massive updates every 2-3 months. The gameplay is solid, it looks great, and is a great co-op game to play through.
game-hours: 2.0
review: In all honesty, I love this game. I barely have any play time, but from what I've played I can tell you that this game is AMAZING.
game-hours: 1276.7
review: The overall gameplay and features are wonderful in this game, a really well developed masterpiece. Some of the things that really catch my attention and hopefully yours, I've listed below. Please try the game to see if you like it, everyone is different. + Free to Play - Paying wont give you an advantage over other players, it will only reduce waiting times to build items, unlock skins and colors pallets and other cosmetics. Everything that is not cosmetic, you can obtain from playing the game. + Free content - The game is constaly updated with new content - Weapons, Warframes, maps and game modes. + Events - There a multiple events in this game from which you can experience alternating goals + Weapon Modifications - Modify the damage, fire rate, add elemental type damage, reload speed, recoil control, appearance/color etc... + Warframe modifications - Run speed, health, shield, maximum energy, ability damage, ability radius/reach, appearance/color + Up to 4 Player online Mulitplayer - cooperative or deathmatch arena. + Bosses - Tiny to huge, deadly and tactical. These bosses know how to get under your skin. When you beat them, you'll find good rewards. + Voice chat (Optional) - Don't stop to type in deadly situations that require coordination, just talk using a microphone. Alternatively you can use the voice chat to chill, have some beers and talk about nonesense. + Large player base - Never feel alone in your region, there's always some people online that want to do what you want to do. Most of the players are also nice and they don't undermine anyone because of the shared common goals. - Repetition - Sometimes it will get too repetitive, so have another game you alternate between. - New HUD - Feels weird to some, may take time to get used to.
game-hours: 769.4
review: Warframe is a great Free to Play game I recomend everyone getting it and playing it.
game-hours: 1576.1
review: MOTHER FAWKENG SPACE NINJAS !!!!! :D
game-hours: 431.1
review: Basically you are a futuristic ninja in space, why would you not play this game?
game-hours: 11.0
review: The Best Free To Play Game on Steam :)
game-hours: 160.6
review: This game is absolutely horrid when nobody wants to play with you.
game-hours: 11.0
review: fun
game-hours: 90.9
review: Interesting game. Lot of Good Content. If you can play it with friends!
game-hours: 464.0
review: (Better review :D) Warframe, some may say it's the "Very definition of pay2win" well it's not, it's more of a grind2win game but at least you can play free without having to pay a single cent. Really the only moment you'll buy something is probably for a cosmetic or to rush your currently crafting items. In Warframe you play as a Tenno warrior, with the suit called a Warframe which has epic powers depending on which frame you have. There's a lot of variety between the frames, and many different primary, secondary and melee weapons to choose from. These primary, seconday and melee weapons you can find and craft from the market so long as you have the required recources. Warframes you can also buy from the market but you will need both recources and parts for the warframe, now onto other weapons and warframes. Clan weapons and warframes, they can only be found in a Clan Dojo and you must craft it in clan first then craft it at your foundry and a forma is needed for this. These weapons are significantly more powerful than the weapons found in the market. Community: helpful, nice Tenno friends, who will likely help you in a mission. You can also join players already in the middle of a mission and complete it along with them, the only con with this is that some players may kill faster than you. Mastery Rank: From what I've noticed, ranking up your mastery rank will always have positive sides, access to stronger weapons on the market, othe rplayers lower level than you may feel better that you're there along side them to help. Ranking up is easy, all you need to do is rank up your new weapons/frames to rank 30 and repeat with new weapons. (But keep your high level weps for those high level missions) Potatoes: There are 3 different potatoes, Orokin Cells, Catalyst and Reactor, Cells allow you to build weapons and warframes that require cells, catalyst adds an extra 30 rank on your weapon of choice (make sure your wep is already level 30 for it to be bumped up to 60) and reactor adds another 30 to your warframe (again, amke sure your frame is already at rank 30.) Mods: No, not the mods you new players are thinking! Mods are for your weapons/warframe/sentinel/kubrow. Mods are used to make your weapons, warframe or companions stronger, you can find mods in any mission you do, just be sure you know what you're doing with what mods you have. and finally, companions!: Sentinels, little flying robots with guns, or robots that can help you pick up recources or mods. Kubrows, dog-like space things, although weaker than sentinels, they're cute as hell and make a good Liset pet! You can mod these lil guys and the sentinels, there are many different kind of kubrows, stealth kubrows, attack kubrows, recource kubrows etc. For better info visit the Warframe wiki!
game-hours: 916.7
review: good
game-hours: 0.9
review: My computer has cancer. it cannot run this game because there is a rule about the game that says those who have cancer cannot play warframe. It was not my fault. I downloaded free RAM to increase my computer's sexual performance and it stopped working. I eventually deleted system 31 and it began to work.
game-hours: 1392.0
review: I only played a little bit. It's alright.
game-hours: 725.6
review: I dont really wanna spend to much time writing a review. I just want to keep playing!
game-hours: 345.4
review: This story requires a bit of setup. Last year, a friend of mine whom I'd known from gaming for a long time contacted me and told me about this great new game that was in beta that he was backing as a founder (called a "Grandmaster" in-game) called Warframe. A third person cooperative shooter with elements of Phantasy Star Online/Diablo loot runs, procedurally generated levels, and more content being added all the time. The game was difficult to start, as there are many keys for various secret parkour maneuvers. Running along walls! Sliding down ziplines! Soon, I was completely hooked; my friend and I were playing late into the night, trying to grind out just one more piece necessary to build a new component or weapon, or trying to beat our best time on the Survival missions -- where you fend off an ever growing wave of foes as life support ticks down. Over the year, there were many great victories, hair raising last second escapes, and new friends joining our little group. Many hours were spent joking around with each other on Skype, cracking jokes, blasting weird songs at each other, and coming up with our own stupid little catchphrases. Flash forward a year; Warframe now has space combat, new Warframes, new weapons, and new combat controls. The game still has its original style, but it's so much improved. Last week, our four player regular team developed some incredible strategies that let us get further than we ever had on wave defense missions. The only thing that made us stop was getting tired. On Tuesday, my friend who invited me to the game a year ago didn't show up that night. I found out on Wednesday that he had passed away suddenly from an undiagnosed health condition. The shock of it is still hitting us hard. The friendships that we had formed through the game, gone in an instant. It hardly feels real. I keep expecting him to log in and be there, ready to do another defense mission, and it's difficult to accept that we'll be going it alone now. We contacted Digital Extremes, the company that makes the game, and asked if there was anything we could do. They dedicated their 11/20/2014 episode of their webcast to the memory of our friend and read our memorials to him on the air. Their reactions were heartfelt and touching. They really do listen to and react to the community. I not only recommend the game for how much fun it is (I recommend you play it with a group of friends on voice chat -- up to four per session; your gameplay experience may vary alone, and form a clan or join one just because many items are clan-only), I recommend it for how responsive the game developers are to the community. They constantly improve it and add new content, items, and weapons. There is a storyline that is unfolding. The voice acting is delightful. You could easily play this game without spending a single dollar of real world currency on it (real world currency is used for cosmetics and increasing the number of Warframes and weapons you can own, or buying things that you can't wait for). Thanks, Digital Extremes. And rest in peace, Woxit.
game-hours: 2488.9
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download Warframe 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play Warframe 3) Grind for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself; that's how sure I was that it would work. Edit: A few people are adding me for help on WF. Feel free to add me if you wish, and I'll try my best to accept and answer any questions you may have, but just know I may not have time to play more than a few rounds with you :c Sorry.
game-hours: 516.2
review: first week: its ok Second week: cool game Third week: wow, great game fourth week: 300 hours? this cant be right! fifth week: 430 hours, i have a problem...
game-hours: 523.3
review: they should add skateboards for all the grinding you do
game-hours: 2946.2
review: It's like a real life girlfriend. Only far less expensive and easier to grind.
game-hours: 118.7
review: | Update (24/4/14): It has been a fairly significant chunk of time since I wrote this review of Warframe, and some elements of the game have been expanded upon in ways that alleviate some of the issues I originally had. The premium currency, platinum, can now be traded between players. This provides an option for players who do not wish to put money into the game but want to participate in using the storefront. Users in the comments have pointed out that there are many powerful items which are not available in the store - if you want them, you'll need to grind. Multiple new game modes exist, including "Invasion", a mode which allows players to team up together with the Corpus or the Grineer to work against the opposing faction. This mode gives the player some agency in the kinds of rewards he receives for completing the mission. The latest update introduced Melee 2.0, which delivered improvements to the game's melee combat. The most interesting update comes in the form of Dark Sectors. Clans and alliances can own parts of the Solar System, and can fight for that contested ownership. Clans and Alliances can also set tax and resource requirements on anyone who accesses their conquered territories, leading to territorial battles for supremacy. In conclusion, a decent amount of content has been added to the game. While the core argument of my review holds true, Warframe is finally approaching the level of depth required to elevate itself above a mere grinding game. The new "EVE Online"-esque sector mechanics are particularly promising in that regard. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | Original Review (25/11/13) A great-looking, initially interesting game that feels like one compelling part of what should be a greater whole. Warframe is an interesting entry in the free to play space. It has the looks and the gameplay, but after a while it begins to feel lacking in the way of substance. Gameplay largely involves clearing your way through various missions types as you progress in rank, leveling up your weapons and your Warframe (the game's metaphor for various Classes, each having their own unique abilities, advantages, disadvantages and so on) as you shoot a myriad of alien Grineer, infested hordes, and Corpus robots. Missions range from rescue scenarios where a hostage must be located and escorted to safety, to mobile defense missions where waves of increasingly difficult enemies must be held off as you protect a moving objective. These can all be completed solo, but are made more interesting by grouping up with other players. Higher level missions are tricky by yourself, making teaming up the more attractive proposition. Weapons and Warframes can be augmented with various modifcations that apply the standard Action RPG fare - elemental damage bonuses, increased critical hit damage, faster reload speeds, you name it. This allows for some diversity in gameplay between players, where you may opt to build out your Warframe in a more supportive role, or stock up on mods which provide a more tanky character. So far the game has been well supported with semi-regular content updates and special events, usually in the form of new warframes and weapons, and a "community effort" in which everyone can participate. The only "issue" is that the game is a bit of a grind. In fact, it's a complete grinding game. The main reason for going on missions is in the hopes of accumulating various materials with which to craft the new warframes or weapons. You can use the games "premium" currency to expedite the process of manufacturing said items (which take hours, days of real time to craft) or simply buy them outright from a storefront. Why do you want these new weapons and warframes? To grind more efficiently for materials. This might strike you as a monotonous loop, and to an extent it is, but the joy of the gameplay itself goes a way to allievating the game from being a total bore. Inevitably though you may become tired of the treadmill. The game sometimes feels like it is skirting the boundaries of being gross about its "free to play" nature - you can certainly get almost everything in the game without spending if you're willing to commit to the grind, but it can sometimes feel like game systems are designed to encourage you to give up and bring out your wallet - namely the sheer amount of materials required to craft better equipment, and the time spent waiting for these items to actually be built. It's always questionable when a F2P game includes a long timer alongside a button to make it go away for just a few pounds. Ultimately, if you're just looking for a good looking, nice playing third person shooter with online components and a decent aesthetic, you can do far worse than Warframe. After spending some time with it, however, you might wind up wishing there was a little more to the experience beyond what is currently available.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat Feeling badass flipping off walls and chopping dudes up Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play Might destroy Relationship/Marriage Could cause loss of feeling in  Might cause loss of friends 10/10
game-hours: 399.9
review: I bought a space gun using my space money, i used said gun on space zombies, I casted space magic on said space zombies, then i space ninja'd my way to the space boss, where i used my space parkour and my space sword to space kill him, I then returned to my space ship were i rubbed the space belly of my space dog. Today was a good day.
game-hours: 2940.5
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. And to top it all off, everything that impacts gameplay can be obtained for free. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Start game ---- create an account --- choose warframe --- play game --- kill enemies/rescue buddies/defend a pod/etc --- kill bosses --- open new planets --- rank up --- build new warframe --- find clan --- build new warframe --- farm farm farm --- build new weapon --- farm farm farm --- build new warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build new sentry --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a Kubrow --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a prime weapon --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- build a Prime warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- play the same new event mission x5 --- gain new mods --- polarize weapon --- XP XP XP XP XP --- need credits - T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- NEW UPDATE ---- FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING --- go build arch wing - "No resources" --- farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm - build arch wing *NO CREDITS* --- T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- build archwing *** waits 36 hours*** thats pretty much my experience on Warframe --- 10/10 ---
game-hours: 67.4
review: Baddas
game-hours: 371.2
review: well. 371.2hrs on this game isn't much for those warframe pros. i recommend this game who loves to play farming games. farm farm exp farm every single thing to get those that looks really cool. but after so much time spent. waiting for foundries... i decided to stop... just... can't... stand it anymore. lot's of new warframe shells are coming. and there are only 2 slots given by the game. need to buy with real money or sell stuff...well...uh... yeah. pretty much it. recommended... i have no life after playing this game
game-hours: 1080.6
review: Great Game. Worth putting the time and effort into. the game gives a different atmosphere of gameplay, something that you will want more and more of. theres alot of stuff to do ingame. you have Dojo's (clans) which u can customise fully however you like. you also have a handfull of great weapons to choose from and customize at will. theres a great community backing the game too. also the developers at warframe are very good, they are very helpful for whenever you need them e.g. technical issues and wateva else. They bring great content to the game every so month or season like xmas, easter and so on. while on a certain mission, its great just to take your time and look around the map, the way they design the map and have all different secret areas for you to xplore and discover is just awsome. Only down side i have had with the game would be just the lagg, some games i join might have cr*ppy internet, so it pretty much makes the mission impossible to do cause, sometimes you will not see the enemies around you or doors will not open for you but for others it will. but those are just minor things. everything else... is just awesome! plus.. you become a space ninja what more could you ask for!? :D
game-hours: 44.9
review: A fantastic game that would be universes better with FAR FAR FAR more variety in it's environments and objectives.
game-hours: 139.0
review: Jouable  4 joueurs max. en coop, des graphismes pousss, un monde de science-fiction attirant et bas sur notre systme solaire, 12 warframes diffrents, 4 sorts uniques par warframe, une multitude d'arme allant de l'arc au fusil automatique en passant par les doubles haches et les marteaux, des mouvements acrobatiques impressionnants, .. bref un jeu vraiment trs jouable !!
game-hours: 2.8
review: One of the best Free to play MMORPG's I've ever played. The game is not pay to win, all warframes and weapons can be crafted except excalibur prime as this is for founders only. Even if you don't play for a while you can still go back to the game and play with friends who may be a different level. The game requires alot of time and effort (Grind). Regardless this doesn't really matter as it is very fun with friends and solo, solo just providing more of a challenge!
game-hours: 252.5
review: Plays for two years. Gets banned for no reason for 20 years. 8/8 Would get banned again.
game-hours: 84.7
review: Best game to those crazy nights with friends. This game gets updated everytime and it keeps getting better and better!
game-hours: 894.8
review: 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 77.3
review: Warframe is not without its shortcomings with regards to skill-gap, balance and friendliness to novice players, but it's also hugely entertaining. DE have absolutely nailed that 'just one more mission' loop. When you find a group of players who work as a team, or just a friendly player to partner up with for story missions, it can be absolutely thrilling. Survival missions where each team-member works to help others while fending off wave after wave of enemies is a total rush. When you pull off some impossible feat of sword/gun-based acrobatics, it is gratifying like few other games. On the other hand, there is a considerable skill-gap. Get beyond the initial public missions, and you will often find people playing the game at a level of skill and speed that renders novice players little more than a burden. There are also a baffling amount of systems and upgrade trees to navigate. Upgrades have upgrades. There's definitely a part of me that likes the fact that in a lot of ways it's very unabashedly hardcore, but I would certainly caution new players that it requires a level of dedication they might not be willing to give. But, if you like the sound of space-ninjas pulling off improbable feats of death acrobatics against hordes of enemies that look like they were the product of Tsutomu Nihei's fever dreams, and you're prepared to put in the hours to learn how to master the game's myriad systems, then I totally recommend you pick this up and spend a few bucks in the store. Addendum for those worried about the F2P aspect: Spending a bit of money will save you a lot of pain and grind, but you can absolutely play this game and have a thoroughly good time without spending a penny. It is NOT a pay-to-win scenario.
game-hours: 239.0
review: Basically Ninja-mech simulator, lots of warframes, lots of missions, lots of weapons, and lots of ways to get yourself stuck outside of the map. One of my favorite shotter games ever!
game-hours: 5.9
review: This is the only "Free to Play" game i will ever play! But the recent updates have been giving me bad frame rate ):
game-hours: 1026.2
review: This game stoled my life, addicted 200%, 1000 hours in 3 months sush a great game 12/10, learn to play and be addicted, Free To play Ninja, recommended :D
game-hours: 69.3
review: If you guys like gunz u will love this game
game-hours: 1430.4
review: As a beta game or free-to-play, i would say its great overall. Bugs and glitches should be expected throught your gameplay experience and they are not hitting on players too hard though. Therefore, its not overall so bad for the bugs part. If you are like me, you will always find the bugs funny. For the gameplay experience, its a werid action game because it combines typical third person shooting games actions with magic power (especially after the upcoming update for the Parkour2.0 system). Although there is some tank type character, you still need to play the same mission over and over again aka farming, to gain rare mods or rare items to build your ultimate weapons. It is similar to how you keep pickaxing and shoveling in Minecraft just to build a dream house. And if you do not play minecraft, it will be just like how you get gold and diamond skins for your guns in COD. Of course you can pay a lot to purchase items from other players or the prime access. Another important thing is to join a clan or find some pal to play with. It is a co-op game. You may go solo but it would be too hard to level up because bonus experience points can be gained through playing with other players. Remember to pay attention to the abilities of every warframe because every character aka warframe has his/her special abilities, like Nekros's desecrate can increase drop rates. Some of the warframes may not need heavy protection too if you have built it right, like Limbo, playing intelligently will not casuse you any damage at all. Gaming experience is great but the problem is warframe should start working on creating some exclusive things for players who had hunted a lot of things. Many new players are just buying every stuff to make themselves fit in the high level or veteran(?) players community. This is kind of annoying though they are the people who are supporting the game in a financial way. And also there should be more competitive gameplay added to this game. Maybe a clan war? This can make the game more fun but I suppose this cannot be done by looking at the engine and server for now. This one will only for the new players. The missions and tutorial can be quite confusing. It is totally not a good time to start off playing this game right now as there are bunches of new things added to this game. Just remember, do not rely on your primary weapon too much. Check and try out all your abilities, every weapon you can obtain. Find your favorite set up and play. This is my opinion. It may not mean a lot but this is the comment I have on this game after playing for a year. Happy hunting tenno.
game-hours: 273.1
review: One of the only shooters I like, because the RPG elements are reasonably compelling. Some menu items are mouse only, but otherwise you can play with a gamepad. Just pray to the gods of RNG with Warframe. It can take a LOT of grinding to get what you want, since it's typically not a steady stream of predictable rewards, but rather a completely random chance of getting a reward based on the roll of the dice. Cash shop isn't too intrusive. You can play without paying easily, though if you don't want to look ugly or have barely any inventory space, you'll want to cough up 5 or 10 USD for some color palletes and inventory spaces.
game-hours: 198.3
review: 3rd Person Action Space Ninja Dungeon Crawler 11/10
game-hours: 5.6
review: LAG SO MUCH LAG
game-hours: 9.7
review: More grinding than any tony hawk game
game-hours: 425.1
review: I'v gotta say, I`m not usually hooked to games, but this game just draws me in. It`s like a perfect mix of explosive combat mixed with unique play styles and weapon/warframe choices/combinations. Free to play, easy to find online play, can't complain.
game-hours: 1457.6
review: Awesome, smooth gameplay. Anything is obtainable in this game no matter what! This game is updated egularly, as it is still in open beta, but ocassionaly events take place. 4 player Co-op ninja-style gameplay with awesome graphics for a free to play game, awesome lore included.
game-hours: 121.5
review: Note: My Review Has Been Edited: Warframe is a co-op kind of game that is more fun to play with friends than playing alone. The game can drag out if you are trying to get materials to build that next Warframe or weapon or expand your dojo if you are gathering materials, completing missions, or just down right killing things if you do it solo. Don't get me wrong, this game can be played solo and some people like myself don't mind soloing- but the experience is improved tenfold when you are playing with friends or even other strangers online. Warframe takes place in the future within our own solar system and beyond. You are a Tenno, an ancient warrior who uses the suit of the Warframes to restore peace and balance to our solar system- which has errupted in chaos. The Tenno are a master of all weapons including boomerangs, blades, long swords, daggers, scythes, heavy weapons, bows, and all sorts of guns. To add onto the fast-paste action Warframe will provide, the Tenno are defined as "space-ninjas" since they have the agility of one. Tenno can wall climb, run on walls, and posses unique skills to help you navigate the levels of the game along with feeling a sense of accomplishment as you slice through hordes of enemies. As I stated earlier, you can play alone, with friends, or with strangers. The game is defaulted to have you play with other strangers- which will equal a squad of four with each mission you go through. Your squad will be tasked with a series of missions such as Survival, Extermination, Capturing, Hostages, and so on. You can adjust the settings to where you can play either with friends only or play on your own however. The first few planets such as Earth and Mercury can be easy to navigate solo- but the higher up levels such as The Void, Phobos, and so forth are highly recommended you go in with a squad of three other players who are also experienced within the game. No matter which mission you pick and what level you choose or who you play with, Warframe will provide a fast experience and you will have to adapt quickly in order to survive a mission. An example would include this: I was aboard a Corpus cruise shuttle in space and I accidentally missed my shot at one of the enemies and hit a window- in turn it shattered and the air in that room was being sucked out and I was losing health rather quickly. I had to quickly dispatch the majority of enemies in the room and then I had to hack the nearest computer I could find. As soon as I was done hacking the computer, the safety locks for the windows kicked in and air was restored to the room- keeping me alive. This game is free to play and I would personally recommend that you give it a try. The worst that can happen is you don't like the game, and you can uninstall it- it doesn't cost you anything. But with that said, you will get a sense of a Pay To Win environment in this game. You see, you can start out with three Warframes to pick from: Loki, Mag, or Excalibur. You then get a small selection of weapons to choose from. But if you ever want to get any other Warframes or weapons than what you had to pick from, there are two ways to go about it: 1) Buying the blueprints with in-game cash called Credits and then having to gather the materials needed to build that weapon or Warframe. (NOTE: Weapons can be super easy to find the materials for depending on what weapons you want to build, but Warframes are ridiculously unfair as it can take a very long time to find the rare components to craft them with.) 2) You guessed it, paying real money to get "Platinum" which is the fastest solution to earning practically everything in this game. You can buy booster packs, coloring options for your Warframes/weapons/ship, weapons and Warframes sooner, skins, and so forth using Platinum... some things are exclusive to Platinum only such as the Booster Packs and Coloring Palletes- meaning there is no way to earn these items without spending any real-world cash on. I understand that that can be rather frustrating as gamers, but as a Free To Play game- the developers need to earn money somehow. They do offer "Login Rewards" which you can obtain by logging in once a day. One of the many rewards you can earn from the login reward is a 25%, 50%, or even 75% discount on Platinum for 24-48 hours. While Warframe can feel like a Pay To Win environment at times, at least they are willing to discount their real-world currency for those who want Platinum- but don't want to spend an obsurd amount on it. Plus the majority of things such as the Warframes and Weapons can be obtained for free- they just take much longer. I have spent many hours in Warframe and it does have it's bugs that are still being worked out, but my experience in the game has been a great one all around. I would recommend that you play with a friend- but the experience is still amazing if you are playing alone or with strangers. They offer many social features such as a Clan for you to join- and you can have a clan dojo to go along with it. The playerbase is very much alive and there is always players online no matter what time of day you are on. But when in missions, the game provides fast-past action and at times you really need to think fast in order to survive the outcome. The game still has major updates and they keep adding something new every few months. One of my personal newer favorite updates they have added is the Archwing. When you become a Level 2 initiate, you can quest to build your very own Archwing. What the Archwing is is an device that allows you to explore the vastness of space- flying around in freedom. Once you obtain your first Archwing and go out into space for the first time, you will notice that the flight controls are fantastic. I don't think I have ever played a game with such well-built flight controls as what Warframe provides for the Archwing levels. Space combat has never been funner! Because of major updates such as the Archwing, I look forward to future updates knowing that there will be more coming in the near future. Warframe will be one of those games that will stay alive for years to come- it has the playerbase and it has the developers to stay going. Despite the times of feeling Pay To Win- I would recommend that you give the game a try and see if you like it. There are different ways for you to play whether you want to go into missions full on stealth or go in with guns blazing. It is a free download- why not give it a try and see how you like it?
game-hours: 864.9
review: i play warframe all day, every day
game-hours: 11.1
review: omg his game is so much fun.
game-hours: 1901.9
review: Only F2P I've spent money and over 1000+ hours of my lifetime in. 11/10
game-hours: 334.2
review: Got Glam 10/10
game-hours: 389.2
review: Been playing this game for 2 years *hrs may not seem i have* and its been such a brilliant expirence 10/10 best f2p game
game-hours: 797.2
review: this game it actualy pretty good, after putting a few hundred hours in to it. i actually really like it. its pretty grindy and alittle confusing when your a noob but once your in it its fun. the design is awsome, all the weapons frames and enemies look awsome, on top of that it has nice graphics. i would recomend this to my friend. im not a huge fan of grinding but i still love this game.
game-hours: 415.5
review: So many updates all the time adding new content to make it better and all while being free, so whats not to like
game-hours: 12.2
review: Like Destiny but good
game-hours: 496.0
review: Pros: -Spectacular graphics -Fast paced, really feel like a space ninja -Voice acting -Great sound effects -Great music -Lots of content to explore, would take a while to complete everything -Each warframe is unique in abilities and in looks -Great community, very friendly -Good AI -PvP feature Cons: -Weak story -Can become very repetitive -Borders on becoming a freemium game (though isn't) -Grindy, very grindy (which to some is a good thing) -Some maps are just wayyyyy to big -few enemy factions Summary: If you like grinding, this game is for you, and is definitely worth at least trying out, even if you're a little skeptical if you'll like it or not.
game-hours: 127.9
review: It is fun, because using Loki teleport, I put a team-mate in 'space', and he started raging. Graphics iz good. Gameplay nice. Overpriced items tho.
game-hours: 3.9
review: The guy on the cover has a hammer for a head. WORTH TRYING OUT.
game-hours: 0.6
review: cool game
game-hours: 141.2
review: It is glorious. Five minutes of playing just so it shuts down my computer, this is amazing as the game is about space ninjas and there's nothing more ninja about disappearing like this game does to my computer screen This happens to lot's of people 10/10 would dissapear again
game-hours: 384.6
review: Was running to a door. Door closed when i was on it. 10/10
game-hours: 397.2
review: i cant get enough of this game its so fun i mean kudos to de for this game i hated dark ectors gameplay wise but hayden was cool looking anyways kudos de oh and if you want to still have a life dont play this game hahaha just kidding play it it is beast
game-hours: 1064.4
review: Do you like ideas that sound good when they're announced but when they're released it's half-baked and forgotten in a week? Do you like grinding through grindwalls for more grind? Do you like having your weapons nerfed just to have that same weapon power creeped in the cash shop by something new a week later? Do you like having diluted drop tables? Do you like knowing the devs were bought by Perfect World so this is only going to get worse over time? Warbros #1
game-hours: 404.4
review: 1. You can be a ninja 2. You can be a space ninja 3. You can be a space ninja with a big arsed sword AND grenade launcher 4. You can be a space ninja with a big arsed sword AND grenade launcher WITH ING SPACE WINGS If you still don't wanna play, you don't deserve to be a winged space ninja. And there's a dog too.
game-hours: 2.6
review: Nothing special :|
game-hours: 472.0
review: Ninjas Play Free!
game-hours: 11.1
review: omg his game is so much fun.
game-hours: 12.2
review: Like Destiny but good
game-hours: 496.0
review: Pros: -Spectacular graphics -Fast paced, really feel like a space ninja -Voice acting -Great sound effects -Great music -Lots of content to explore, would take a while to complete everything -Each warframe is unique in abilities and in looks -Great community, very friendly -Good AI -PvP feature Cons: -Weak story -Can become very repetitive -Borders on becoming a freemium game (though isn't) -Grindy, very grindy (which to some is a good thing) -Some maps are just wayyyyy to big -few enemy factions Summary: If you like grinding, this game is for you, and is definitely worth at least trying out, even if you're a little skeptical if you'll like it or not.
game-hours: 121.6
review: I have played longer and I'm in master lvl 10 but my steam profile says that i have only played like 81 hours. I recommend Warframe but it has two problems, 1. Breaking the noob barier, meaning that the first 4 mastery lvls are the hardest and kinda the most boring ones, however once you're through that and have some good stuff it'll be a blast. 2. Paying users and non-paying users: If you pay nothing your warframe and stuff will never look that good and it'll ruin the expirence for you, meanwhile your teammates (paying users) will have special armour and well coustumized colours and skins. With the armours, colours and skins and stuff you'll enjoy playing the game much more. But overall it's a good game and you can get stuff at events and more and you can also sell stuff on trading and meaby buy some stuff for the money you make there. :) I'm very sorry if i made any spelling mistakes.
game-hours: 800.4
review: > Get fist weapons > -punch and -punt aliens to get their lunch money > Buy & build better fist weapons I am in space ninja heaven.
game-hours: 1609.7
review: Warframe is the best cooperative, free-to-play, third person, online action game set in an evolving sci-fi world since sliced bread. 10/10
game-hours: 334.2
review: Got Glam 10/10
game-hours: 14.9
review: if u are good at using melee weapons this is your game
game-hours: 389.2
review: Been playing this game for 2 years *hrs may not seem i have* and its been such a brilliant expirence 10/10 best f2p game
game-hours: 797.2
review: this game it actualy pretty good, after putting a few hundred hours in to it. i actually really like it. its pretty grindy and alittle confusing when your a noob but once your in it its fun. the design is awsome, all the weapons frames and enemies look awsome, on top of that it has nice graphics. i would recomend this to my friend. im not a huge fan of grinding but i still love this game.
game-hours: 23.0
review: Mass Effect - Boobs = Warframe 11/10
game-hours: 145.9
review: 10/10 Would Idle Again.
game-hours: 360.7
review: I don't like this game.
game-hours: 3.9
review: The guy on the cover has a hammer for a head. WORTH TRYING OUT.
game-hours: 634.3
review: Grind is life, life is grind
game-hours: 188.7
review: wow
game-hours: 141.2
review: It is glorious. Five minutes of playing just so it shuts down my computer, this is amazing as the game is about space ninjas and there's nothing more ninja about disappearing like this game does to my computer screen This happens to lot's of people 10/10 would dissapear again
game-hours: 0.6
review: cool game
game-hours: 384.6
review: Was running to a door. Door closed when i was on it. 10/10
game-hours: 4.6
review: I am incredilbly impressed with this and amazed that it's free. Not only is it super fun but it looks wonderful graphics wise, even at minimum settings. The style and game play remind me of something like Mass Effect smacking into Metal Gear, sword slashing and high tech pistols in space. My only concern is the controls; I'm not sure if it explains further in later tutorials, but it's pretty slow in evaluating in all of the controls and buttons. However it's a non-existant problem and doesn't affect the game play.
game-hours: 377.2
review: Getting close to 300 hours here. Someone must've heard about my time spent in this game because I just got a full-time job at a local farm. Hell I could even run my own farm by now. 10/10 better than Farming Simulator 15 Seriously though, extremely addictive and fun despite all farming and repetitive missions.
game-hours: 120.7
review: it is such a great game i reccomend it to all my friends its challenging just the way i like it :) xD
game-hours: 162.4
review: This game is a lot of fun to play, not only because of its good looking graphics quality or variety of available things to do, but that gameplay is not limited if you don't choose to buy Platinum.
game-hours: 131.5
review: k
game-hours: 5.2
review: Had a hard time choising first warfrane, pick Excalibur whit a bow, after tutorial have now volt already lvl up to six whit no bow. If i whant Excalibur or my bow need to pay cash or farm in-game + My pistol cut enemies in half when I headshot them. 10/10
game-hours: 1.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 9.1
review: Everyone looks like they're made out of rubber and there's far too much r34 to warrent the quality of the game, so I'm just going to assume it's 10/10 GOATET buy it.
game-hours: 515.5
review: It's very seldom that I find a free MMO that I like. Cash shops are a huge turn off for me, and I can be the class that I want to be. I recommend Warframe because although I'm a bit underpowered for not farming or buying anything, I will quickly be able to build the class that I want with the items I want, all within what I think is a reasonable timeframe for a game like this (~ 12 hours).
game-hours: 231.0
review: I wouldy highly recomend this game to all ages exept for the parts were it has blood but apart from that this game is a realy good high grahpiced space ninja game! FIVE STARS
game-hours: 301.3
review: Best Game Ever 10/10 love it make more quests Please
game-hours: 34.4
review: Awesome game its better than the old game but it take FOREVER to get the stuff for a new guy
game-hours: 80.1
review: Space ninjas 99999/10
game-hours: 207.4
review: Glitch physics lets you use a sword as a helicopter. 10/10.
game-hours: 409.3
review: It looks so young so pure but so pretty~there are so many great MMO elements in it.no game no life,then if our lives must be interesting and gg,here it is.I my not an old in this game,but im a hot.This game has its special color,just try to see the gamepage of library ull like it.
game-hours: 515.5
review: It's very seldom that I find a free MMO that I like. Cash shops are a huge turn off for me, and I can be the class that I want to be. I recommend Warframe because although I'm a bit underpowered for not farming or buying anything, I will quickly be able to build the class that I want with the items I want, all within what I think is a reasonable timeframe for a game like this (~ 12 hours).
game-hours: 397.2
review: i cant get enough of this game its so fun i mean kudos to de for this game i hated dark ectors gameplay wise but hayden was cool looking anyways kudos de oh and if you want to still have a life dont play this game hahaha just kidding play it it is beast
game-hours: 9.1
review: Everyone looks like they're made out of rubber and there's far too much r34 to warrent the quality of the game, so I'm just going to assume it's 10/10 GOATET buy it.
game-hours: 231.0
review: I wouldy highly recomend this game to all ages exept for the parts were it has blood but apart from that this game is a realy good high grahpiced space ninja game! FIVE STARS
game-hours: 127.9
review: It is fun, because using Loki teleport, I put a team-mate in 'space', and he started raging. Graphics iz good. Gameplay nice. Overpriced items tho.
game-hours: 273.2
review: Do I have to say more than this: 1. Go get this game 2. Look in the market and go "This is a pay2win game!" 3. Play some more. 4. Get better stuff. 5. You realise it's actually not pay2win. 6. You think this is the best game ever. OR, like me just buy platinum and  the steps.
game-hours: 21.5
review: Ninjas in space, good game, nothing bad to say.
game-hours: 3.4
review: nice game but need improvements in co op
game-hours: 12.5
review: This game is a extreme masterpiece created for every pc. I thank the developers for there hard work and time for producing such a brilliant video game. Awesome graphics ! Creative gameplay ! Tons of weapons you can buy if you progress in the game ! It is free-to-play !! .......and a  load of missions to do!! I Would reccomend this game to every pc user
game-hours: 8.2
review: this game may be one of th best multi player game that i have ever seen
game-hours: 20.9
review: Fantastic, but if it has First Person Mode, this will make me crazy.
game-hours: 1232.2
review: Play dress up in outer space with robot ninjas.
game-hours: 72.4
review: this game is great game i like it
game-hours: 940.7
review: Grind, grind, grind, grind, get more viod keys, grind, grind, grind, silently cry self to sleep 9/10, would get ed again
game-hours: 185.5
review: Awsome
game-hours: 201.9
review: Very addicting, in the beginning. Seems like the new warframes are pay-to-win, which kind of turned me off.
game-hours: 418.0
review: This game is very in-depth, it starts off really slow and boring. But if you have a friend that has played alot and can help you, then it is a much more enjoyable game.
game-hours: 413.6
review: Pretty much an awesome game if you actually stick around and play and level up your character
game-hours: 729.3
review: Great Sci-fi RP game, Awsome in game mechanics that make the game much smoother. Frequet patches to ensure players get the best outcome out of the game possible
game-hours: 11.8
review: How to grind through the early levels: 1) Get an overpowered high level friend 2) Tell him what Warframe you wish to farm 3) Get on those maps to get the pieces 4) Let him do all the work 5) Stand in a corner with your melee out and hold right click Rinse and repeat.
game-hours: 965.2
review: I've spent more money on this free-to-play game than I care to admit. #Worth. I am a friggin' space ninja with my own space ship and space dog and we do cool things...in space. Need I say more?
game-hours: 187.8
review: It's perfect :3
game-hours: 779.0
review: I am over 700 hours into this game and I have been playing for over a year and a half at the time of this review, and I have been a clan leader, there are things that DE does well in this game and things they do horribly. Cons -FARMING This game is a massive grind, with grind goals. So if you don't like grinding that is a huge wall you need to get over. -LEARNING CURVE Lots of new things to learn on top of over a hundred weapon names, planets and specific missions, as well as the factions, movement tricks, and different game features.The amount is overwhelming for a new player. -RNG is a living nightmare and hard to deal with sometimes. DE is slowly but surely coming up with new ways to fix RNG, like giving automatic frame blueprints at mission complete, something that could have taken hundreds of hours before. They also started creating quests to make rng easier to handle. -DIFFICULTY AND CHANGES, since the game has gotten bigger I have noticed bosses getting easier. I've also seen some bugs that make some low level missions harder then high level missions, and the opposite happens as well. -EVERY MAJOR UPDATE BREAKS THE GAME in some way, DE is usually good fixing these things up, so long as you are active in the forums with bug reporting -POORLY IMPLEMENTED ENDGAME, DE has been working on different endgame game modes but they feel rushed and not polished as of right now. -GAME DRAIN you need to either take breaks from this game from time to time or casual through content, there is lots of content, but the joy of playing goes away if you play too much IMO. -RUSHED CONTENT you notice it more when you play newer features such as the kubrow, Frames on release if they are on time contraint, at some point weekly weapons were all boring or useless. -SPACE IS LONELY this isn't really a con or a pro but the game is much more fun with friends or clanmates. ***PROS******* -FUN!!!! once you get your hands on a unique weapon and get a hang of controlling your frames the game ramps up the fun -ARCHWINGS one of my personal favourite recent addition to the game though the game mode needs LOTS of love before it reaches its full potential it is one of my personal favourite things about it. -NINJA EXOSUITS AKA WARFRAMES they are for the most part well done, powers and balancing can use rebalancing sometimes, but each frame feels unique. You can summon tentacles, become ethreal, molt your skin, become invisible, create mirror clones of yourself, create singularties, mind control,and fly off the tileset into nothingness. -GRAPHICS Great looking world if you do take some time out to smell the roses you will notice how much detail was actually put into each scenario.Tilesets come out around every major update and they always add a new level of detail to the world -STORYLINE I'd say the storyline is not amazing but it does give a good guideline of what is availible to you in the world -ARESENAL over a hundred gorgeous weapons to choose from ranging from historic(katanas, greatswords, bows, kunai) standard(smgs,rifles,handguns,knives) to Sci-fi(lazers,lazer swords, plasma) and some of the weapons feel unique to the game(flak canon shotgun, blade boomering thing, tentacle lazer gun). -GET INGAME CURRENCY FOR FREE Platinum which is the ingame real money currency can be traded for. Overall I give this game a 9.4/10 it's still in "beta" so hopefully there is more detail once it's released.
game-hours: 1623.7
review: This game is a whole lot of fun, but it can get a bit repetative at times, so I recommend playing this with friends. This game is team based, and it does a great job at rewarding team based play. I've played a long time in this game, and I absolutely love it. What's better is that with every major update, it get's more and more content, to farm for! :P Great job, Digital Extremes. You guys really outdid yourselves.
game-hours: 445.2
review: It's a grinding game in essence with a somewhat bland storyline. Much like a lot of mmorpgs or online free-to-play games. I personally enjoy playing it in moderation so that I don't tire of the grind and burn out. The developers are quite active and fix bugs from new patches consistently. New patches are released almost weekly with and major updates are monthly or bimonthly.
game-hours: 201.9
review: Very addicting, in the beginning. Seems like the new warframes are pay-to-win, which kind of turned me off.
game-hours: 232.4
review: Farmframe is a very farmy game that allows you to collect all kind of materials to craft new weapons, for which you'll need to farm more XP to level up. With your brand new leveled up weapons, you will be set to farm a few more materiales to repeat the proccess! Truly an amazing experience.
game-hours: 413.6
review: Pretty much an awesome game if you actually stick around and play and level up your character
game-hours: 729.3
review: Great Sci-fi RP game, Awsome in game mechanics that make the game much smoother. Frequet patches to ensure players get the best outcome out of the game possible
game-hours: 121.5
review: BEWARE that once you start playing you'll get hooked. Every Warframe has it's own unique abilities and powers. New content is always being added and which is why this game never gets boring, keep in mind that crafting weapons could take a long time if you don't want to spend money on purchasing platnium. For tougher missions its always best to have other friends help you out but overall its a great game.
game-hours: 418.0
review: This game is very in-depth, it starts off really slow and boring. But if you have a friend that has played alot and can help you, then it is a much more enjoyable game.
game-hours: 20.9
review: Fantastic, but if it has First Person Mode, this will make me crazy.
game-hours: 85.5
review: Warframe is not a player friendly game but if you have a friend who is already experienced with the game or you can just read 1 or 2 guides you will be fine but overal Warframe is Very fun if you wanna be a freking SPACE NINJA and murder fools with all maner of weapons and super powers.
game-hours: 1232.2
review: Play dress up in outer space with robot ninjas.
game-hours: 72.4
review: this game is great game i like it
game-hours: 321.9
review: While there are many things to brush up on this game by DE, they already have made this game a blast to play already. Not recommened for people who are not used to grind in online games but its doable for people wanting to play casually. As someone coming from a 5 year playing RO, I ensure u at the very least, the grind is not as bad as it is there.
game-hours: 448.1
review: Better then meth.
game-hours: 125.9
review: Best game of all time. 10/10 u could ninja good story. good graphics. good ppls. badass ninjas. no pay. free play. no rage. best game ever. no hackers. not call of duty. blades and guns. rekt ppl. pvp. story modes. char costum. special abilities. primes. Fast download. Trololololol's. online. co op solo. BLOOD. gut 4 u 10/11
game-hours: 42.3
review: its ok
game-hours: 727.4
review: The game is a co-op third person shooter, but please do not let that turn you away. There is a very good reason for this. You would probably puke your guts out otherwise. The game at times is very fast paced and involves flying through the air, climbing up walls, running on walls, jumping (sometimes to great heights), sliding, spinning around and doing flips. Had you done this in first person, not only would this not look as cool, but you would probably not get too far before losing your lunch. The best way I can describe it is you are a highly mobile space ninja/spellcaster/mercenary that can master a plethora of weapons and abilities to complete any mission given to you. Whether you are eliminating enemies from an area, hacking computers, defending a point, carrying out an assassination, capturing a VIP, or some other mission. Although the game is a shooter, the game lets you be adventurous. The maps for each mission are large and have several randomly chosen tile sets. As I said before you can climb up walls and often times find alternate routes that may allow you to find hidden goodies or a stealthier route around a group of enemies. You can sneak around and be stealthy, or rush in guns blazing. You also can choose to play solo, with friends, or with randoms. Warframe also allows for an unbelievable amount of customization to your spaceship, warframes, weapons, and companions. There are many cosmetic items you can use to add to your warframe or switch out parts such as the helmets to get the look you want. You can also change the coloring of your gear. You start with a small variety of colors, but you can buy more color pallets if you wish. Then there are mods. Mods give your equipment different perks. For example, some mods may decrease reload time, others may increase damage or your shields. There are separate mods for your warframe, weapons, and companions. The mod system gives you more control over how you play and fine tune your gear to make it more powerful. There are literally hundreds of mods in this game to choose from. There are also plenty of primary, secondary, and melee weapons to choose from. Each weapon has its own damage spread for different types of physical and elemental damage they do. Some types of damages are better against different types of enemies. The Good 1.Sounds  Although its space and sound should not be as well pronounced as it is in the game, the sounds in my opinion are great. 2.Customization  As I said, there is plenty of it. 3.New Content  New content for this game comes out every month so there is always something worth looking at. 4.Events  There are many events that pop up in the game as well as in the forums. You can enter a contest to win platinum (cash shop currency) or do the in game alerts for rare items and special challenges such as Tactical Alerts. 5.Not Pay To Win  This game is absolutely NOT pay to win. It is pay to get cosmetics or to skip grinding or waiting for some things. Many players trade in game items for plat so you can get cash shop items without spending a dime if youre a wheeler and dealer. You can also gift items too! 6.Clan Doujo - Clan doujos (your clans private base) give you access to items you cannot get in the normal market and give you a place to trade items and parkour courses you can run through. Also, the doujos just look flipin sweet! You can also get an observatory which looks beautiful as well. 7.Exp Rate  I honestly thing the exp gain rate is not bad. Yes, if you are formaing a weapon for end game it takes a while depending on what you do, but it is not really all that bad. You do not need to dedicate months to this game to get somewhere. 8.Solo/Multiplayer  You can play by yourself, with friends, or with random players if you want. You can control this in your options. 9.Content - There is a lot of different types of missions and modes you can play. 10.Playerbase  There is always a lot of players online. Even in off hours. 11.PVP Mode  There is a PVP mode that they recently revamped 12.Story and Lore  There is a lot of lore involving this game that helps explain why the solar system is the way that it is. There are also side story quests you can do after completing the main story quest line. 13.Syndicates  Syndicates are factions in the game. There are perks for joining them such as access to items you cannot get anywhere else. It also adds another mechanic in that enemy factions will send squads to attack you randomly, which adds to the tension and the danger of the world. 14.Archwings  It can be fun flying around in space. Do a barrel roll! The Bad 1.Glitches  Easily the number one issue with this game. This game has more glitches than any game I have ever played in my life, and that is saying a lot. 2.Constant Patching  An hour or two (if even) after new content is released a hotpatch is released to fix what they broke. Then there are consecutive hotpatches to fix what was fixed. Each hotfix requires you exit the game and relaunch. This kind of sucks if youre about to do something and getting your party organized. 3.Trading  You cannot trade until you reach mastery rank 4 and then you are limited in how many times you can trade daily. You also need a doujo to trade. 4.Obtaining Cosmetics and Colors  Most color pallets are obtained by spending platinum. The same goes for most of the cosmetics. 5.Kubrows  If it dies it likes you less and then you have to pet it to make it not hate you. As it hates you more it does less damage. Oh, you can only pet it three times a day to make it happy. It also degrades over time. This means you need to buy these expensive DNA stabilizers to keep it alive. Every day your Kubrow will lose 10% of its condition gauge which also decreases its total health, which causes it to die more, which causes it to hate you and do less damage. Yes, it comes full circle, ladies and gentlemen. 6.Lack of Archwing Content  There just is not a lot. 7.Lack of Warframe and Weapon Slots  If you want more than two warframes you need to play platinum for additional slots. The same goes for weapon slots. Fortunately, they start you off with some platinum, which you can use to buy slots if you want. Rating If I were to rate it now, I would give it an 8/10. I would probably want to give it a 9/10, but with all the glitches and patching I cant honestly give it a higher rating. I understand DE is not necessarily a huge group and they are good about patching things up, but gameplay is still gameplay, and that is what I am rating. It is also hard to rate Warframe due to the fact the game is not complete. New content is added monthly and it is still in beta. For now I feel 8/10 is quite fair. I also would like to note, I am not big into buying game currency in games. I am on a budget and I do not normally feel games deserve my hard earned cash. However, I did not mind giving them some of my money because I love the game, I want it to keep going, and I feel like that later on down the road there will be something to show for it. Recommendation Which leave one last question. Would I recommend this game? Yes, I would. This game has elements that would attract FPS and TPS players as well as people who like MMOs/RPG players and possibly anyone else. Even if you do not normally like shooters you may love this game. For example, I have a buddy that hates shooters, but loves the Elder Scrolls games and Guild Wars 2. I got him playing this and now he is on it every day. Even if you do not like guns, you can still hack and slash your foes apart. You also do not have to be hardcore about the game to get anywhere. If you have questions feel free to ask me in here or add me on Steam or in game (AgentIce). It was longer but character limitations. Thank you for reading!
game-hours: 38.1
review: hey guis i dun no h0w 2 revuw gaim so put pankaike recipee xDDd arnt i funni l0l xd im c00l rekt 1st u gut flower then u used flowr boom pankaikes arent i good memer? lolololol
game-hours: 1038.8
review: How do i stop???
game-hours: 805.2
review: I founded love in this game.PLAY IT NOW
game-hours: 14.9
review: Gundam Ninja Destiny Warfare 2 is a great game!
game-hours: 38.5
review: When it was in beta i loves playing this game but unfortunately deleted it cuz it was getting tough to fight players who put money in the game. Irrespective of that fact the game is impresive and the game mechanics ,artwork is commendable.
game-hours: 193.5
review: Oh,I have to write a review for Warframe? Give me a min,just 1 more misson! Seriously,this game is addicting than any drug in this world I dont even have time to write a review.
game-hours: 248.1
review: Shoot, kick, jump, slash, loot. Repeat ad nauseaum. And the game is not bad at all.
game-hours: 214.3
review: There is a saying "It saves time and money". Well, this game doesn't save your money or your time! Warframe might be a free game with a stunning graphics and huge potentials, but the problem is the game wants you to either pay for everything from Warframe to speed up process and that causes an arm and a leg (through in-app-purchases) or you could simply wait from an average waiting time (1 day) and the slot idea that sacrifices most of the things you've gathered if you don't pay for the extra slot you loss the loot. The game crashes most of the time if not all the time. The community are annoying and the game sometime force you to play with other players you don't want to play with them. On the other hand, the game is very enjoyable from stealth missions to tower defense. The mods are a great idea! Where you gather and combine your loots. It's a very sophisticated intelligent game, but with greedy publishers. They have the right to put the price for their products and we have the right to buy the product or not. From my opinion, I dont recommend this game, due to the latter reasons.
game-hours: 559.2
review: The general gameplay and experience was fun... while it lasted. The whole game gets tedious and players can easily buy their way to success, but that takes most of the challenge away. I've lost interest in this game, and so have many of the people that I personally know who played this game. My clan is dead and many more have gone quiet. Generally, Warframe now has a lackluster feel for me. I got used to the grinding, but DE just added more, and then buffed the grinding with little annoying paywalls  that honestly generate more challenge. Unfortunately, they nerfed across the board, so it became more difficult for non-paying players to effectively play. I can't imagine this game having any longevity. Im serious. I used to love the  out of this game, but now its just complete crap. As little money as I did spend on it (after 300+ hours of play) I feel cheated. Longtime players, founders, and vets alike have been leaving and/or disapproving of the game's recent turn of events. Discontent is all over the forums. DE has become heedlessly distant from their fan base and gamming community. I implore you to seriously consider NOT downloading this game.
game-hours: 2.2
review: good game
game-hours: 10.7
review: That Moment When you Realize that Destiny is free on PC.
game-hours: 52.8
review: The Graphics are Stunning
game-hours: 785.6
review: One of the best games I have played always happy to come back. 11/10
game-hours: 205.1
review: Simply one of the best games I have played! :D
game-hours: 682.5
review: You're a space ninja, with a space dog/cat/bat thingy or a floaty shooty robot thingy. You farm potatoes and make sure your stealthy ninja is brightly and vibrantly colored. 100/10
game-hours: 559.2
review: The general gameplay and experience was fun... while it lasted. The whole game gets tedious and players can easily buy their way to success, but that takes most of the challenge away. I've lost interest in this game, and so have many of the people that I personally know who played this game. My clan is dead and many more have gone quiet. Generally, Warframe now has a lackluster feel for me. I got used to the grinding, but DE just added more, and then buffed the grinding with little annoying paywalls  that honestly generate more challenge. Unfortunately, they nerfed across the board, so it became more difficult for non-paying players to effectively play. I can't imagine this game having any longevity. Im serious. I used to love the  out of this game, but now its just complete crap. As little money as I did spend on it (after 300+ hours of play) I feel cheated. Longtime players, founders, and vets alike have been leaving and/or disapproving of the game's recent turn of events. Discontent is all over the forums. DE has become heedlessly distant from their fan base and gamming community. I implore you to seriously consider NOT downloading this game.
game-hours: 52.8
review: The Graphics are Stunning
game-hours: 2.2
review: good game
game-hours: 641.3
review: You can belly rub a weird space dog 11/10
game-hours: 5.2
review: You do mad parkour with guns, then you go grinding and farming like you got nothing better to do, then you realize the farming isnt working, THEN you buy the materials with real money, then you realize you have spent more money on this game the tf2 hats.
game-hours: 117.4
review: This game is grindy as crap. I can't tell you how many times I've gotten a new weapon to find I need that one hard to get resource. Most of the time I would yell "FUUUUUUUUUUUUU!" to the gods. In this game I've never done that. DE has somehow found a way to make grinding fun. That's all I have to say.
game-hours: 4.1
review: Very fun game but sometimes the map is confusing o.o
game-hours: 23.3
review: parkour simulator 2015 10/10 -IGN its ok 1000/10 -pewdiepie 2 much parkour 6999-11 -me parkour simulator 2015 its good enough
game-hours: 912.3
review: Great for training Soviet soldiers.
game-hours: 303.7
review: Sci-fi enemies, action and powersliding, what more do you want?
game-hours: 45.5
review: The graphic is very magnificent. The gameplay is not bad too. For those looking for actions, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 813.8
review: Not a good game, But a fun game. Free to play without pay to win.
game-hours: 787.2
review: Even you might say that this game could be way too much grinding, this is the best grinding game I have ever seen!
game-hours: 1176.2
review: Got a 50% discount on in-game Platinum. Bought the $50 bundle. 2 Days later get %75 off. 11/10 would pay again.
game-hours: 350.5
review: Warframe is one of the best co-op games that you could play with your buddies. You are a badass ninja that can parkour everywhere and you get to kill all these random enemies.
game-hours: 145.8
review: I generally don't like shooters and oftentimes this type of game gives me motion sickness. However, I'm having a lot of fun with this game and it doesn't make me feel ill. Also, it's third person, rather than first person, so that helps. There are quite a few classes to choose from, though you do have to hunt down your parts to make them. But that's half the fun! Pretty much, anything in the cash shop, you could just as well hunt for it. Cash shop is more of a convenience and not really necessary except to unlock slots if you want more warframes.
game-hours: 238.6
review: really fun game, though it is slightly p2w. players who dont pay can still get really far thoug as all items you can buy you can also obtain in game generally.
game-hours: 678.1
review: A fun way to spend time with friends.
game-hours: 145.1
review: Good Game!!!1
game-hours: 423.0
review: Warframe is a free to play, fast-paced, third person shooter that can be best described as space ninjas. Developed by Digital Extremes, Warframe follows the adventures of the Tenno during a war with the Grineer, a race of militarized humanoid clones. Tenno soldiers bear a Warframe  effectively, a futuristic and alien combat suit  into battle, as well as a primary weapon, a sidearm, and a melee weapon. The game is, essentially, a sequel to Dark Sector, taking place about a thousand years after its events. Its a game built on two very solid features: exciting gameplay and awesome gear. At its heart, Warframe is all about the action. Combat is intense, and blazingly fast. The Tenno can sprint, slide, and dodge out of hairy situations, as well as being able to run along walls and displaying quite a fair collection of parkour motions. Players can sneak around a map and melee an enemy from behind for elevated damage, but its nowhere near as fun or as easy as running into a crowded room, guns a blazing. Theres a much heavier focus on staying agile in a gunfight rather than being sneaky. Each warframe has its own set of unique abilities and stats, giving each one a diverse feel from the other. A wide array of weapon types keeps the combat fresh and gives the player a multitude of ways to play. Guns feel impactful, but melee weapons tend to feel a bit floaty. With an astounding amount of different enemy types and bosses, levels can produce a variety of challenges. Theres even a one-on-one PvP feature in which players can duke it out. These are called conclaves and are limited by a point scale to keep players of relatively equal skill fighting against each other. While it is nice to see a human player react with unpredictability, a lot of the AI in the game is very predictable in its actions. Theyre still difficult, but it takes away from any sort of surprise if youve already squared off against that enemy before. Also, it is highly recommended that you play this game with friends and a common goal in mind. It can get stale quickly without those two things. Despite that, theres still an immense amount of fun to be had in Warframes fast-paced shooter action. Warframe is visually stunning. And I dont mean just for a free to play game; this game is gorgeous for any type of game. Theres a great attention to detail. Lighting effects are cinematic. Environments are vibrant with color. However, youll see many of the same settings over and over again. While they are pretty to look at, seeing what seems to be the same map several missions in a row gets very tiring. The slight blur that is created from constant movement will distract from any minor visual flaws  flaws that youll have a hard time finding to begin with. This is actually one of the few games in which Ive fired my weapon solely for the purpose of hearing how it sounds. The guns sound incredibly real and impactful. And even though each gun has its own distinct sound, most of them manage to sound pretty good. It certainly outdoes the gun sounds that are apparent in more successful shooters like Call of Duty. Warframe is just full to the brim with varying types of gear. Warframes, essentially character types, are plentiful and number well into the double digits. Each player has three weapons: a primary, a sidearm, and a melee weapon. There are a multitude of primary weapons, such as rifles, shotguns, bows, and snipers. Sidearms include full auto and semi-auto pistols. Available melee weapons are swords, staves, axes, and more. These weapons can be bought with platinum  the equivalent of real world money  but are also easily obtainable through the in-game currency known as credits. Weapons must be built by first purchasing their blueprints and then having the items required to build it. Items are scattered as drops throughout the planets, and while theyre entirely useless on their own, they can be used in unison to create some really interesting weapons. However, items have build times. Weapons generally take twelve or twenty-four hours, while warframes take a lengthy seventy-two. This can be a bit bothersome to those without patience, but items can be rushed to completion by spending a certain amount of platinum. This gear can also be modded with a plethora of upgrades depending on how the player see fits, resulting in a huge amount of customization. A single weapon can be made to play several different ways depending on the mods the player has installed on it. This creates an experience that truly is different for every player and item. While most free to play games suffer in terms of story and narrative, Warframe actually does a very successful job at this. Well partially. Its narrative is weak and lacks integration into the gameplay. The average player will just plow through the missions without even realizing theres a plot going on. Most of the plot will be found in the Codex, a menu in which players can read up on the lore. It takes a while to uncover, and quite honestly Ive only scratched the surface, but its chock-full of science-fiction goodness. There are questions of morality and the Tennos purpose in the universe. There are references to Dark Sector, proving that the two games exist within the same universe. Its certainly very interesting and easily dominates in a market where story tends to be an afterthought. Another strong point, one where it stands above its competitors in the free to play market, is the incredibly fair balancing of real world and in-game currencies. Almost anything that can be obtained through the cash shop can be found as loot or created via a blueprint. Most of the items that cant be obtained without spending some cash are purely cosmetic, such as color palettes and weapon skins. However, in a game that is so gear-centric, its a shame to see so few free inventory slots given to the players. Even still, prices are pretty reasonable. Shelling out cash doesnt put players too much ahead of others, and the small gaps that do exist can easily be closed by player ability. Its nice to see a free to play game that doesnt put a huge chasm between its paying and non-paying players, and that certainly is a huge advantage for Warframe in its market. One of the biggest drawbacks of Warframe is its perpetual state of open beta. Things can change from patch to patch, whether they be minor updates or huge ones that drastically overhaul something like the UI. This results in a large amount of bugs. Theyre not common and prevalent in every mission, but youre bound to run into them. Fortunately, they tend to stray far from game-breaking and are usually just minor annoyances. Overall, Warframe is a great addition to any collection as it is able to balance fantastic gameplay, gorgeous visuals, impactful sounds, an interesting story, stellar optimization, and a fair currency system. And its free. Did I mention its free? I would like to see more integration of its impressive lore into the gameplay as well as more free inventory slots, but apart from those setbacks it is a great game that should be given a try by anyone who enjoys some fast-paced action. And the reload wheel (as of Update 12) is pretty awesome.
game-hours: 406.0
review: the best free to play game in the history of all free to play games and video games in general. yea, even better than tf2. SUCK ON THAT.
game-hours: 381.6
review: Great game for people looking for an online shooter game
game-hours: 419.1
review: metal armoured ninja's from the future with magical powers..........Sounds like fun. :)
game-hours: 218.9
review: This is far too much fun. Best 3rd person shooted I've ever played and it still in beta.
game-hours: 11.7
review: You gotta get this if you remember your childhood well. This has everything a sci-fi fan could want. Parkour, high-tech weapons, mastery, and most importantly, if the game is pay 2 win or not. The only flaw this game has is that it's striking towards pay for convenience. Which is, you can get all the warframes in game and what not, but you can also advance ingame faster by paying money. But don't sweat, probably none of the money that you shell out will not give you an advantage on player vs. player modes whatsoever. This game is striking towards the right direction, highly recommend spending some time with it and see what you like.
game-hours: 35.9
review: best Free to play out right now you can pay to win or bulid the thing's to get better gun's and warframes
game-hours: 32.7
review: Warframe is hands down one of the best free games on steam. This game has amazing graphic's and is great with a controller. You can just spend hours and hours on it, the only downside is many items in game you have to buy with real money which isn't that bad since it is a free game. Over all I would recommend this game and if you have some extra cash lying around I would recommend you put it into Warframe.
game-hours: 1623.4
review: Warframe ;)
game-hours: 94.9
review: NICE
game-hours: 6.6
review: This Free To Play game is a very nice and well done game that has a nice story and' clear cut' gameplay with the diffeent ways to play the game i am finding it a very enjoyable experience. The only problem I find is the importance of microtransactions to get the best weapons and warframe but the game is very enjoyable non the less. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes any shooters because this has almost everything a diverse shooter needs.
game-hours: 548.9
review: . 10/10
game-hours: 3.0
review: Brock the Rock approves
game-hours: 2.4
review: Super bueno
game-hours: 7.6
review: This game is awesome if you like ninja's
game-hours: 6.8
review: If you like NInja, Sci-fi games then get this
game-hours: 511.2
review: Download it now !!!!!! The game is awesome the graphics the missions everything till now is awesome . It has some bugs but no problem ,
game-hours: 8.7
review: i love this game when im bored i go right to warframe
game-hours: 40.2
review: Slapping Goodness
game-hours: 458.8
review: Warframe is an amazing free to play that bends the regular free to play model by allowing you to get literally everything free in-game, even cosmetics that you would expect to pay for with real world money. Quite an amazing game with a great story and lore too!
game-hours: 418.7
review: No comeo  meio boring, mas depois de um tempo jogando o jogo fica muito divertido e viciante.
game-hours: 3.1
review: Melhor free to play da steam, sem mais. Graficos 10/10, jogabilidade perfeita. Muito .
game-hours: 2073.0
review: Warframe is, simply put, a great game. It's continuously updating with new content and that combined with its relaxed yet exciting gameplay will keep you playing for a long time. I personally love every aspect of Warframe, but there are two things that put me off, and I felt I should make people aware of it. For one, the game can get a bit repetitive, more specifically the grinding part. Although it does not do so to the point that it makes the game ridiculous and/or not fun, it still remains a bit of an issue. Second is the presence of the in-game trading, more specifically the ability to trade things for the ingame currency Platinum (which you usually buy with real life money). This function, and how extensively it is being used, might as well change the name of Warframe to WarTrade. However, other than those two things I find this an awesome game, and I definitely reccommend it to other people. It's graphics are definitely appealing, the customer service has been really good, and its gameplay is very addictive, at least to me. Not to mention Warframe is essentially completely free-to-play! You can unlock and play all content by just playing the game. Using money in this game only unlocks purely cosmetic stuff and allows you to get gear and weapons slightly faster. You get 50 free Platinum when creating an account to boot, which I heavily suggest you spend for Warframe/Weapon slots.
game-hours: 858.9
review: Awesome graphics, good team play and massive customization.
game-hours: 555.5
review: Great game if you love going melee and FPS. May seem like COD games, but much better.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Its game for robot ninja i give it 8/10
game-hours: 2983.4
review: nice game to play
game-hours: 108.8
review: Cool game
game-hours: 437.8
review: stole my life. brilliant game 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 640.6
review: An awsome free to play action game that is constantly growing and adding new content.
game-hours: 1180.3
review: I played this game in the early open beta and thought it was a lot of fun, and after a year+ of updates and hotfixes, it has turned into a wonderfully crafted world of Space Ninjas...Yes...SPACE NINJAS! The game is probably the best Free-to-Play games, and even one of my favorite shooters, on the internet. Play this game! It is epic!
game-hours: 866.6
review: Great Game. Short maps for fast game play. Lots Of Fun
game-hours: 29.3
review: Nice but repetitive, easy to play
game-hours: 813.0
review: ye
game-hours: 14.8
review: keren untuk permainan sekelas FPS
game-hours: 105.2
review: This game will blow your mind. If you think it's just another 3rd person shooter then you are rong. It is so much more. you play as a ninja. only with guns (and swords) and just to put it out there! IT FU**ING AWESOME!! If you dont download it then what ever. I'm not here to make you download games. I just recomand it for you. If you want to download it then go ahead. =3 ~Laffen
game-hours: 28.8
review: This game is breath taking, that's all I can say.
game-hours: 5.1
review: 10/10 Ninjas play for free
game-hours: 1409.1
review: asjdjsafjasjfgasjdasjdusad
game-hours: 371.7
review: Super upgrade version of Mass Effect, and with more customizable options. Nuff said! ANdddd did i mention free to play! WHATttttt?! Why wait? Its free to play anyways!
game-hours: 428.6
review: Quite possibly one of my favorite games of all time. Real fast action, lots of customization to everything you do, and regular updates to keep you busy. Highly recommend it.
game-hours: 26.5
review: Very fast and action packed game with lots of good RPG elements to go with it. Its good for people that like Hacky/slashy/RPG-y,shootie game xD
game-hours: 99.9
review: Super!!! :)
game-hours: 128.3
review: i have over 100 hours of time put in to this game. i get on and see something new, the devs are working hard to keep the game fresh, new guns all the time new bosses, and new worlds to fight in, if you even begin to think its getting a little old a new gun will come out or a new event will start, and the whole experiance becomes greater. I Hightly recomend this game for anyone who like shooters, or just being online talking to your clan mates and helping noobs...
game-hours: 362.0
review: Ninjas in Exosuits, in space... awesome game, wall running/jumping/climbing, great customization to fit any playstyle, great graphics, regular events!
game-hours: 6.7
review: Really good graphics. Enjoy the game a lot, but it's a bit repetative.
game-hours: 527.6
review: Ah, Warframe. A game I spent so many countless hours on. This game features 20 factions, 4 of which, you can fight. The first faction that you get to fight are the Grineer. They are steroid pumped soldiers that like to speak like Nolan Batman, with testicular cancer. Next up are the Corpus. They like to stick their phallus into shards of the ancient times (2014). But then, there are the Infested. Zombified creatures of both the Corpus, and the Grineer factions. They rely on eating each other's dried up ejaculation. And the final faction are. You guessed it. Those golden thugs that rob you of your virginity, yep, those Corrupted people. They are a mix of those three factions just mentioned. Except, they take more steroids than a black man playing football. They also murder more animals than those celebrities on crack. The only friendly faction are the Tenno. Once thought to be extinct, they've returned from the dead, laying waste to their foes once again, strking fear into their crotch. Silent and deadly they are. You should avoid them at all cost, like Shrek's Swamp. You never want to go there. It's filled with anorexic chicks who can't stop producing children. "Strike your enemies down. Leave no survivors. Rip off their pubes. Sell it on the black market for crack money, profit, Tenno." - Leona LionhartmansmithifiedlotusangryKFCbucketmaria The 3rd STORY - In the future, where vibrators are a thing in the past. There is a war. Chaos has erupted between the civil and understanding Grinner, and the heartless technophiles that are Corpus. In amidst all this chaos, is you Tenno. You hunt down the people who murdered the black market dealers, preventing you from selling anymore pubes. This story is basically an Assassin's Creed story on steroids, plus cocaine, and some other otherworldly drug. You fight the factions, yet at the same time, you can still manage to wank it (   ). I think the story is good. There are plenty of factions to fight, and the factions actually make sense. For example, the Corpus, actually stick their phalluses into hard drives, and that's how THEIR babies came from. The Grineer also do that. But they don't produce and  OR babies. They only do it for pleasure. You have your typical zombie-like faction which are called the Infested, but there is a catch. They aren't really zombies. They are evolved apes that can think, and feel. The corrupted, are the followers of the Ord Staff, a Satanic ritual device used to summon the ancients. Overall, the story is really good. But there could be room for more improvements. GAMEPLAY - It isn't your typical third-person beat-em up. It is a FIRST-PERSON beat-em up. That's right. I said it. FIRST-PERSON! Crazy right!? The solid hack and slash combat is really fluid and smooth, like a lubed up fatman's arsecheeks. You will unlock different weapons as you progress, like: Grand Theft Auto V, ArmA 4, Garry's Mod, which are all really neat games. You also can unlock different artwork for this game, everytime you cut off someone's pubes. Overall, pretty good gameplay mechanics. MULTIPLAYER - You and 10 teams of players consisting up to 50 people per team, can team up to defeat Lord Nagero, and his Italian Warlords that possess the ability to change your gender, making the mission hard, yet fun at the same, while retaining some of the sexiness. This mode also has certain options you can toggle. BODACIOUS BABES AND SEXY MEN - Decreases mission winning chance to 0%, yet also increases the chance of getting your gender switched by 99%. (RECOMMENDED FOR HARDCORE PLAYERS) SWEET HARMONY - Adds sexual music, instead of badarse fighting music. BACKSTABBER - You're able to kill allies. (RECOMMENDED FOR MLG PLAYERS) MONTAGE TIME! - Adds a weapon for quickscoping. (RECOMMENDED FOR 3 YEAR OLDS) YOU SEE THIS FIST? - You're able to fist friendlies in their deepest darkest hole. *DLC* OVERPOWERED - Kills everyone in the game, except for you. STIFF AS A ROCK BABY - Invulnerable to all incoming damage. TESTOSTERONE FILLED RAGE - Finish the game automatically, only you can gain rewards. The other players are chumps compared to your skill. CONCLUSION - I'd suck that penny up my hole. IS IT WORTH BUYING? - BUY 10/10 PROS - Good Gameplay Really Good Story CONS - Stupid AI Hate Voice Actors Really Bad Story Bland Characters Free To Play (For 50$) Really Bad Gameplay Terrible Dialogue Kermit's FIRST Badarse Suck of Approval (For 10/10s ONLY) (AUTHOR'S NOTE) - I know that I said there were 20 factions, and I only listed 5. Sorry about that, the other 15 factions were banned for being too unbalanced and unworthy of our phallus.
game-hours: 113.0
review: Space Ninjas jumping all around, what more can you ask for?
game-hours: 433.9
review: space ninjas rock. baym
game-hours: 448.8
review: If you get the chance, get it
game-hours: 663.4
review: It is awesome! Constant new updates and everything else. Must play
game-hours: 313.8
review: Hydroid is my senpai. Really fun game, Everyone should definitely give it a few hours of their time and see where it takes them.
game-hours: 638.2
review: A bit of a grind at first, but still very fun and addicting.
game-hours: 3204.7
review: play warframe. it is fun. i like it. you will be happy.
game-hours: 663.3
review: I have around 700 legtimate hours played on this game with no regrets or remorse because DE knew how to make a F2P game /good/. However, this game will not even be worth a second worth of anyone's time when Perfect World Enter-taint-ment will sink its talons into this game. I'm not going to write a review about mechanics or gameplay since PWE will probably find a way to make it bland, unoriginal, and a cash grab, making any current statements moot.
game-hours: 933.1
review: Warframe...Where to start... First of all, this is the only game I've spent more than 700 hours on in all of my 20 or so steam games. There are many reasons for this, and I shall describe all the pros and cons of this game in this text. PROS: -This is the only TRUE free to play i've seen in my life. EVERYTHING in the game (weapons, characters, cosmetics, etc) is avaiable to f2p players, but requires some grind to compensate. -Cosmetics (colors, shoulder pads, chest pieces, "capes" etc) can only be aquired with platinums (the currency you have to buy with real money), but guess what, you can get platinums for free by trading stuff with other players! You dont have to pay A SINGLE CENT to play this game and get everything, if you have a bit of time to invest in it. -The coop experience is present and intense, a great game to play with friends. -the graphics are good and will run smoothly on any decent computer, and if you don't have a such computer well you can lower the graphics and you probably wont even see the difference exept for the FPS boost! -The game is updated VERY frequently, and gets a huge update every 3 months or so! Digital Extreme is very commited in making Warframe the best F2P shooter out there. -Very developped movement system. You can run on walls and do some epic tricks, you can roll while airborne, you can slide on the ground and so much more...You are a space ninja! -Many Warframes to choose from. All warframes are different, and each one has some cool and unique superpowers and roles/playstyles. One is a slow tank with crowd control. Another can place shields that block bullets. And my favorite one, Zephyr, can even fly! -RANDOM ENCOUNTERS: sometimes you will get messaged by special mini bosses that will try to assasinate you in a near future when you are in a mission. Rumors say they drop epic loot on death, and are particularly deadly... CONS: -As you progress further in the game, lower level missions tend to get way too easy (but they are still enjoyable). The opposite is also true, a low level player trying to take on a level 30+ mission will get wrecked. -At current times, the late game content is somewhat poor, as the only thing left for vets to do is progress through mastery ranks and max out all their gear. But again, the frequent updates keeps the veterans playing as more and more content is added. I also heard rumors about some "lenses of power" that will add some serious late game content for all the accomplished players upon their release. -Enemies are a bit stupid, their AI needs more polishing. But that is far from making this game boring. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- In conclusion, this game is a model for all the F2P out there. It stands on the top of shooter games list, and it's definitely the best F2P steam can offer you! -By Retro050
game-hours: 419.1
review: metal armoured ninja's from the future with magical powers..........Sounds like fun. :)
game-hours: 18.1
review: Warframe is a good F2P game on steam, but as time goes by the game gets dull but in the start its a really fun game to play with your friends.
game-hours: 1063.6
review: really gord
game-hours: 53.8
review: ,        Mass effect 3                +            pvp.                !!!   !
game-hours: 1245.0
review: Possibly one of the greatest games I have ever played. This is also the only game on steam which I have over 200 hours of game time. Warframe plays great and feels rewarding. This game is a legend and deserves the respect and support that it has. If you like being the ultamite space death machine, play this game.
game-hours: 956.0
review: 10/10 Best MMO ever. :D
game-hours: 800.3
review: This game is very hard to get good weapons but that pushes you to play with your friends. Also once you get a new warframe or weapon you have this great feeling of winning or knowing you did something PLAY THIS IF YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS ARE BORED also jaret ing RHINO stomped the  out of everyone
game-hours: 385.2
review: Space, robots, aliens, ninjas, guns and swords... What more could you possibly ask for in a game?
game-hours: 776.9
review: this game is good
game-hours: 879.5
review: Addictive, stress-relieving, and only occasionally frustrating. Updates occur regularly, and the developers seem to listen to the community. New content and bug-fixes are released frequently, and ninjas play free. Some content can only be purchased with platinum, but platinum can now be obtained via trading with other players, so the possiblities are limitless! It is based on Dark Sector, and the warrame-weilders are the spiritual descendants of Hayden Tenno (the protagonist of Dark Sector). If the idea of being a futuristic semi-robotic space ninja led by a mysterious (Canadian) female of possible artificially intelligent origins is appealing to you, get ready, Tenno!
game-hours: 101.4
review: Ninjas, in space, with guns.
game-hours: 246.5
review: Space ninjas/10
game-hours: 21.1
review: LIKE MY ANCESTORS BEFORE...I AM... A WARFRAMEEEE!
game-hours: 99.0
review: sweg
game-hours: 776.4
review: I've played this game when it was in early beta. At that time, Warframe wasn't really something that's as awesome as it is now. Limited tilesets, limited enemies, repetitive missions and unpolished mechanics here and there. Even I myself have stopped once in a while, usually spanning 4-5 months, only to return because a friend was playing. And almost each time I return, new things are added in. And this currently is my 3rd replay of the game, and I have to say that although Warframe isn't a totally perfect game (there are flaws, bugs, glitches and connection issues running around wild), but the Digital Extremes team has evolved the game to a point where it has become a much more complicated game than what it was a year ago. Yet they are still polishing things, making new overhauls to certain aspects of the game and coming out with new stuffs to greet players old and new. What I love about Warframe is pretty much that almost everything that can be bought using money, can be obtained normally through farming as well. All that the free players loses are cosmetic items that does not affect gameplay (other than the owner's satisfaction and pride). One of the new updates since I've stopped also included into it a new Trading System which allows players to trade certain items for the platinums and other stuffs, which even boasts the game's value. For me, Warframe is simply the no.1 F2P game that I have ever played, and I find myself amazed over and over every time I go back to it. Kudos to Digital Extremes! This is a must play for any gamers interested in some sci-fi shooter action.
game-hours: 2518.0
review: Shooting stuff, slicing stuff, being ninja n' stuff. If you like to do things like these, this is a game for you. Become an awesome individual who uses special abilities, customized weapons to achieve victory in a variety of game modes; gather resources and frame / weapon components to unlock further more gaming potential. WARNING: Grind fest. If you don't really like working *quite* hard towards what you want, there's always the pay option BUT everything except the cosmetics CAN be aquired through f2p gameplay. So take a look, you might put it down and look around instead, but you'll never know what will hook you in!
game-hours: 29.0
review: The only thing in the known universe that works with dubstep.
game-hours: 4.8
review: Pretty damn cool and free to play. What more could you want in a game?
game-hours: 329.1
review: Best free to play game. It's a great game to play if you are looking to play cooperatifly without much PVP. It's Free to play aspect is awesome, with little to no exclusive pay only items. Not a pay to win game.
game-hours: 83.9
review: Ninja's in space, Nuf said.
game-hours: 5.7
review: An absurdly good game, although I have barely played it as of now. Although teamwork is not nessicary it is probably the best part of this game and what makes it so fun.
game-hours: 50.3
review: This game is a very fun game and the game has all kinds of weapons!
game-hours: 82.6
review: A lot of fun, especially if you can play with other people.
game-hours: 20.9
review: This is one of my favorite games! The graphics are spectacular, the game quality is superb, and the x factors of all the weapons and AI are awesome and very detailed and thorough. The game its self is outstanding and the campaign and multi player are awesome. Some of it is confusing but really easy to catch on and learn. Once you have a grasp of it, its one of the best games ever. I would suggest this to everyone and when you play it, the game has so much content that you wqant to spend money on the game to get it fast, but if you dont want to you can get everything for free, but it takes longer and its very difficult to find the items you need. 10/10, two thumbs up, 5 stars, whatever other rating system there is all the way up. I like it a lot and it is one of my favorite games, but that being said thats my opinion you should get it and find out for your self, trust me you'll wont regret it.
game-hours: 1511.7
review: space ninjas boiiiiiii I have started Warframe the day after it was released. The game was in it's first update (Update 7) after Closed Beta. The game looked so awful. After a year and some magic, this game looks great! Sure, some mechanics are funky, there is a vast amount of bugs/exploits/glitches, but just give the game some hope. It's 50 grinding and 50 gameplay. After a few months or so, the game may get boring, but DE, (Digital Extremes) is working on, and adding more content every once and a while. It's quite frequently now-a-days. The community is a great one. You might encounter some pretty rude people, but overall the players are kind and are willing to help everyone. Just visit the official Warframe forums website and look around or so.
game-hours: 0.8
review: After playing the intro and first mission, I can safetly say this game is amazing. One small issue with me, probably because I'm just OCD. The cursor for menus and such is a little jumpy and extremely slow. BUT, all in all 10/10
game-hours: 2554.5
review: I'm going to redo my review for this game seeing as its the number one game I play. First and foremost, those who are attempting to start this game for the first time, please DO NOT TRY TO GO SOLO in this game. It is not easy to start off at all going solo. this is why the game is a MMO, make use of having extra players in the party. Another confusion many seem to have is that they think this is just another typical run-of-the-mill shooter. This is not CoD, This is an online game, that virtually is not PVP. You face computer controlled enemies, and in later factions and forms, you can face head to head against people though I do not recommend it. In anycase, getting the basics out of the way. I do not wish to make the game sound significantly hard, however, starting off it maybe. The gameplay feels a little like borderlands 2, with RPG like elements in the game as well, and as many disagree with me, I also say it feels a like like Pokmon, IF YOU ARE A competitive battler. You mod your stats, frames, mods, etc everything in a way, and in reference to Pokmon you IV breed, level, EV train and battle with select moves. But enough on this. Anyway, My overall opinion on this game is biased. Mainly due to the fact that even though this game is a little over a year old, it is STILL a beta, so it really means that anything you do in the game may change with any given patch(particularly, any patch seems to break anything good thats out to make wave for the newer stuff apparently.) I do love playing this game, both alone and with others, It seems to never really get tireding, unless youre trying to become a collector like me and grab everything in the game as well as modding yourself out to perfection because you want to be the best. In all honesty unless you are planning to take things solo you dont have to worry about ranking up to max..anything. The game is very taxing with time, credits and modding. You need mods for every weapon, sentinel, frame etc and there are different mods and some exclusive mods that work with certain frames only. The one interesting and maybe the best thing about this game is you cannot just, BUY your way into this game. Its impossible. You need credits for everything, even if you shove 100$ of your hard earned real money into this game, you cant really get too far with building anything, though, I guess you can buy your way into getting more weaponry, warframes and other goods, though, it wouldnt be nearly as fun to play. Really when it comes down to it, research the weaponry you want, and frame you want, use that as your main tools, because that is all you shall really need in this game, aside from mods too. So whats Zys Rating? 8.6/10 Heres why. The game is stupidly modcrazy, I mean seriously, you cannot write a review on this game because every update makes the game either better, or worse, depending on how you played. Further more the game seems to be really really good for an indie and in the long run it has matured into something massively great. On the downsides, the graphics for the game can be a bane sometimes. Even though they are nice to look at. The mods are expensive and are something you really cant just buy your way into obtaining. Plat is a requirement for this game. Well mainly if you want more weapons and frames. Extremely difficult to start if solo and without friends helping you This game requires you to spend a lot of time developing not only your skills but your mods, frames, weaponry and anything else in the game, and I seriously dont want to get started on dojos >______>
game-hours: 317.5
review: .
game-hours: 15.4
review: My favorite free to play! Controls are awesome, graphics are great, gameplay is fantastic. It's like a combination between Gears of War and Ninja Gaiden, games that form a big part of my gaming childhood (I know, playing GoW at 9 years old isn't the way to go.) There's many levels to play! And they all progressively require a higher level out of you, so you might have to replay many missions again. However, the game has a small twist, every area of a mission generates differently, it's still the same objective, but the area or asset itself, is never the same. One time you'll play this way, the next this other way. This gives it a big bonus, so you'll feel like you're playing a whole new mission, as opposed to playing the same repetetive gameplay. Which leads me to my next point, the gameplay might get repetitive at times, but I have lots of fun with this game. Hacking and slashing with a sword and gunning someone to pieces gives me a very good feeling (only in games, of course). I really have fun in this game, there's no doubt it's my favorite free to play. As you progress through a level, you might get some mods. These can be for your Warframe or your weapons. You can combine mods to make a bigger tier of that one, or leave it like that. Using mods is a great way to level up and enhance your Warframe's skills to your liking. Maybe you're more of a shotgun fan? There's a mod for that! A very very very well made F2P, if this ever becomes a paid game, there's no doubt it will be heard about around town. I highly recommend it, and it's free, so you don't lose anything :D
game-hours: 61.5
review: Pretty good robo ninja space marine slice n dice free to play fast paced almost nonstop katana weilding button mashing 47 Ronin in space looking game. 8/10, Like Star Wars in space.
game-hours: 11.7
review: Ok, I really like the game. Its fun to play and it feels really epic! The powers and all are nicely balanced and the gameplay is epic. I dont really understand why this is free to play, because this game is to cool for school!
game-hours: 1151.5
review: I entered the world of Warframe with a lot of confusion. The menu was full of options and customizations for me to choose from and I honestly had some trouble figuing out where to start. Eventually I got a few missions under my belt and found the color customization screen and from that moment on I was hooked. This game is repetitive and grindy but if you let yourself get sucked in you will find yourself playing countless hours on it. The one gripe I had is that it seems to lack an overall objevive. However, it really hit home for me after my fourth mission that this really is all about the spectacle and enjoying it. You beat missions to acquire better weapons and power ups only to use them to repeat the process. But when you eventually find yourself flying sideways down a hallway scoring headshots with a weapon you have built and colored yourself while impaling other enemies on an equally personalize sword you have no choice but to stop for a second and say: "Yes. This is why I enjoy playing this game".
game-hours: 951.7
review: one of the most kick  games iv ever played
game-hours: 151.2
review: good game
game-hours: 103.4
review: The best game . Great graphic,great gameplay, great people. Didn't you play it? Go for it!!!
game-hours: 54.8
review: Cool!
game-hours: 453.0
review: Space Ninjas chop  in half
game-hours: 1623.4
review: Warframe ;)
game-hours: 18.3
review: Died in dojo 11/10
game-hours: 279.1
review: Ninjas. Shooting aliens and robots. With tech and . 11/10 Proper review, pardon my english : This game is fully free to play with slow and steady pace towards full geared. With many different ninjas that you could get for free by grinding bosses. Mostly content for premium users is costumes and , but wait, you could half of those by some random event in-game and premium users items is just for a quick Good Game. Therefore i conclude this game is fully free to play by an exception, you couldn't get all of those cool looking ninjas and weapons in your inventory because you could only add slots with microtransaction. The community is great i think, dev is supportive too, i got a quick responses for wanting to change my e-mail id. So i have been enjoyed for about 300+ hours of fun smacking the enemies with so many interesting abilities. The missions could be repetitive and boring but random generated map negates it a bit. Therefore anyone who enjoyed tps-games should give this a try, nothing to lose.
game-hours: 46.2
review: An f2p with space ninjas. 'nuff said
game-hours: 553.6
review: Best Space Ninja Simulator NA
game-hours: 20.3
review: A fun co-op shooter that doesnt feel like its solely out to gouge its players wallets. Solid third person shooter mechanics and some fun swashbuckling. Co-op works well with four invested players, and an interesting upgrade system. Play with your friends to enjoy the game to the max cuz there's no fun playing this game on your own. I would give it 9/10 because it's really enjoyable when you play with friends.
game-hours: 233.8
review: I really enjoy this game. Graphicly, it's way above your average F2P. Also, paying real money for things doesn't mean much since you don't typically fight each other; this is a co-op based game. There is an option that you can duel with others but it has to be an accept action, no one will just jump out of nowhere an kill you mid-mission. There is a little bit of a learning curve getting used to the controls, and an even greater one for a controller, in my opinion. When bad guys drop stuff, everyone shares the loot. You only see the stuff on your screen but everyone gets the same thing. This game has kind of an MMO feel with some of the grinding involved but it's done in an entertaining way. As far as using your real money equivilant platinum you start with, I recommend buying an extra slot for a suit and slots for weapons. They are contantly updating this game which makes it continually enjoyable. The improvements that are done for updates can sometimes change the whole dynamics of how you play your character. Fortunately enough, I haven't seen an update yet that has frustrated me into not playing anymore but instead curious about how to utilize the new system.
game-hours: 412.2
review: This game is very underrated, it deserves a higher meta score than it has, a lot of the negative reviews were back when the game was much older and offered less, they don't represent the game now. Excellent co-op, mostly bug-free, smooth controls, outstanding graphics, tons of weapons, upgrades and customization, get pretty much anything you can buy with the store credit in game also (except warframe and weapon slots I think). Oh and replayablity. I have been playing this game for a long time. They are always adding new modes that refresh the expereince. I can't recommend it enough. 8.5/10
game-hours: 105.6
review: Great game, very enjoyable whether with friends or going solo. With tons of planets to visit and weapons to obtain you can put many hours into this game. Having a great community and amazing developers that are always adding new things it's hard to loose interest. I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 15.5
review: Good game but found it slow to level and had to re-do a lot of areas I was playing. Also found it rather repetitive. Graphics are quite well done. Score: +5 - Average Recommend: To those enjoy these style games, definitely.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Good Game and free
game-hours: 1.4
review: Yep, pretty good!
game-hours: 303.2
review: Game GG , Recommended.
game-hours: 1539.4
review: B) Nice.
game-hours: 183.9
review: Super Sweet 3rd-Person Shooter! Controls and Systems take time to get used to. The Damage System has got a big learning curve, but once you do get it you're basically a god. Almost everything in-game you can build, but there are some things that are exclusively Pay to get. Plus they give you some in-game premium cash when you start up- so all good (it's dirt cheap if you want to buy some more). Online Interactions are pretty O.K. You get a squad most of the time, but you never truly stick with them cause of connection issues. Without a good internet connections, your ethier lagging from your connection or someonelse's. NOTE: You actually need to join a clan to do crap in this game 0.0. Probably cause some weapons are exclusive to clans. The Gameplay gets repetitve after a while, due to the tidous farming and the same mission types over and over again. Though there are a few random events that keep it fresh. The shooting mechanics are....well...... generic shooting mechanincs, nothing really special. Unless of course, you count the warframe abilites. Overall Score: With its fun and social gameplay, and a few minor bugs and problems I give Warframe a 9/10.
game-hours: 396.3
review: Very fun Online Co-Op, very difficult for singleplayer. Its alot more fun when you're playing with friends as opposed to strangers though. Concept-wise/story-wise, its pretty unique and fascinating, as alot of the backstory is left for the player to interpret. Gameplay wise, its a very cool third person shooter and thirdperson melee experience, with special abilities for each individual warframe. Although it uses microtransactions, these are non-essential, and more or less just allow easier/faster access to items you could get through gameplay otherwise. I've been playing since closed beta, and I've watched the game grow and change but have yet to see a change I cannot stand. They seem to update frequently and patch as needed, and have yet to come up with a solid reason to be disappointed by the game or anything in it.
game-hours: 3.2
review: BEst game ever,good meele,nice gun :3,Characters look Sweeeeeeet <3 weldone produers best third person exept gta V. Peace
game-hours: 506.1
review: love it awseome game
game-hours: 6.8
review: Warframe is pretty tight
game-hours: 0.7
review: You better have a high spec PC!!!
game-hours: 371.0
review: Best coop shooter game out there, i dare you to say otherwise.
game-hours: 24.5
review: Time consuming and addictive game, although its pay to win for some players its still fun to play and kill your boredom.
game-hours: 1.6
review: dope game if your pc can run it
game-hours: 3.8
review: problem:free account heavily limited...thats the only problem everything else is ing awesome its like every sci fi game ever combined with directed with michael bay 9.5 out of ing 10!!!
game-hours: 0.8
review: Very FUn
game-hours: 164.5
review: I have to say. This is the best free game on steam. Such a great game. Download it now!!!
game-hours: 1.2
review: Great game.
game-hours: 33.3
review: Hundreds of action packed four player co-op missions without having to spend a penny. Generated stages with 10 different mission types, all of which play very differently from one another. Character upgrading and weapon crafting is done through drops during levels, which is nowhere near as grindy as people make it out to be. There is a big character and weapon roster allowing play styles of every kind as long as they include a good bit of mindless shooting. Updates are plenty, well optimised while still looking good and the Warframes just look too cool to turn down.
game-hours: 187.1
review: good
game-hours: 91.6
review: Warframe changed the way i thought of [free to play Games] (Well Sort of), Having friends who play together using team speak is really Fun & Funny! have to buy blueprint to build your items might take up to days but its worth it! (Unless you wanted to use real money on getting the items fast while supporting the dev to update the game and keep it going) Well, give it a try and play to free up some stress from the real world, Add me up if you need a friend on steam :sfhappy:
game-hours: 904.4
review: Thouroughly enjoyable from start to finish (although there isn't really a finish), Warframe offers the kind of addicting gameplay where you know what to expect, and are still enthralled by it at the same time. The game is constantly updated with new content and fixes for some of the game's glitches and gameplay issues. The staff are very responsive to the wants and needs of the community, and they do a great job with it. Overall 8/10
game-hours: 183.7
review: The mobility in this game is insane. The ability to flip around, wall run, climb, jump over, and jump off just about every object in the game is awesome. Good for all play styles. Whether you're a stealth player, or a run in guns blazing player, Warframe can accommodate.
game-hours: 187.7
review: For me, Warframe is one of the best Free-2-Play Games in Steam. By the way, it is a Sci-Fi Third Person Game which offers a lot of entertainment. Not only featuring a lot of different missions it has also a unbelievable big number of different weapons. You don't even need to fight with guns, you can also use many different swords, bows, crossbows and a lot of other weapons. And as I said, it's Free-2-Play, so take the time to have a look! 7/10
game-hours: 7.0
review: Great Third Person Shooter for core players and casual players. Free to play system, but you can access everything without paying money if you want to. Gets repetative after a while, but it's not too bad. 9/10 would bang.
game-hours: 139.6
review: Pretty Enjoyable game, the beginning part is a bit slow but once you get your upgraded weapons the game gets awesome :D
game-hours: 37.0
review: Very awesome game! The gameplay and graphics are abseloutely amazing! Very fun with friends especially. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 556.8
review: Ninjas. In space. With magic powers But seriously, pretty fun to play, can get repetitive at times. Getting a Clan is definitley recommended for some cool weapons and community interaction. Devs keep the game updated and are always working to build a better game. 7/10
game-hours: 17.0
review: Ninjas, robots, spells, loot; that's a recipe for bad . Warframe brings these things harmoniously together in a GunZ esque, while delivering a fresh dungeon crawling cooperative experience. Needless to say I highly recommend this game if Gaben has emptied your wallet this year around.
game-hours: 121.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 0.7
review: Cool game
game-hours: 371.0
review: Best coop shooter game out there, i dare you to say otherwise.
game-hours: 904.4
review: Thouroughly enjoyable from start to finish (although there isn't really a finish), Warframe offers the kind of addicting gameplay where you know what to expect, and are still enthralled by it at the same time. The game is constantly updated with new content and fixes for some of the game's glitches and gameplay issues. The staff are very responsive to the wants and needs of the community, and they do a great job with it. Overall 8/10
game-hours: 183.7
review: The mobility in this game is insane. The ability to flip around, wall run, climb, jump over, and jump off just about every object in the game is awesome. Good for all play styles. Whether you're a stealth player, or a run in guns blazing player, Warframe can accommodate.
game-hours: 187.7
review: For me, Warframe is one of the best Free-2-Play Games in Steam. By the way, it is a Sci-Fi Third Person Game which offers a lot of entertainment. Not only featuring a lot of different missions it has also a unbelievable big number of different weapons. You don't even need to fight with guns, you can also use many different swords, bows, crossbows and a lot of other weapons. And as I said, it's Free-2-Play, so take the time to have a look! 7/10
game-hours: 7.0
review: Great Third Person Shooter for core players and casual players. Free to play system, but you can access everything without paying money if you want to. Gets repetative after a while, but it's not too bad. 9/10 would bang.
game-hours: 6.3
review: It's good.
game-hours: 796.3
review: Warframe is a pretty interesting game. If you're reading this, you probably already know that it is a "Co-op Shooter" from somewhere, and that it is in Open Beta. The first thing I want to let you know is that these two categories are not seperate at all. The core of this game is as much a Shooter as it is a "game in development", a game that experiments and teaches both the community and the developers, and of course a game with many unfinished features. There are upsides and downsides to Digital Extreme's decision of developing their game like this, but I am without a doubt that the impact of saying: "Let's release it publicly in Beta and develop it as we go with our players" on the end product of this game, will be even greater than when they said: "Let's make a Space Ninja Co-op Shooter F2P Game" I could write about the stunning visuals that easily outmatch any F2P game to date, I could write about the constantly evolving storyline and setting that seem as basic and simple as it is limitless, or I could even write about the gameplay that easily combines a dozen different styles of games into one fast-paced, progression-filled insanity... But I won't. These aren't what keep me in this game. What keeps me in this game is the development itself, the slowly building community and the potential this game has. The developers themselves clearly learn a lot with every hotfix and update they release, and it makes progressing through this game all the more interesting - seeing as the game is progressing alongside you. A normal company would learn quietly through data and attempting different things internally, but Warframe has by far the most community-involved development team I have ever had the pleasure of interacting with. This game is an experiment, and so far it looks like it's a successful one. It's still pretty far away from completion, though. You can choose whether you want to participate now, or maybe you'd prefer it as a more refined product. You could choose any amount of time, focus, and interest that you would like to invest in this game and its' development, and it will adjust itself accordingly. So, yeah... I recommend you try out Warframe.
game-hours: 96.9
review: I love this game sooo much, but it's a little too fast paced, it's a co-op based game definetely, but everybody can solo it without really any consequences besides being over powered which doesn't happen in tis game too much. The game has amazing features such as mods, i was once playing with a new bow and thought: You know? They really need to buff this thing, and then i thought: I really need to buff this thing, because you can do that! You can apply damage bonuses and different reload times and all these awesome things to you're sentinels weapons and warframe that makes them really unique! You dont have to pay to get cool weapons and warframe, sure it takes 12-32 hours, but in the end you dont pay real money for 2 weapons you may or may not like. This game is so amazing, it's free 2 play so if you're trying to decide whether or not to get it, GET IT! It's F2P and friggin' awesome! Good work Digital Extremes, you did good, -Waffle
game-hours: 326.5
review: Love this game. It looks gorgeous if you have a decent pc (otherwise you can play it on a PS4). It has its flaws with the amount of grinding you will have to do and is missing a proper endgame however the way the parkour is done, the way the weapons handle... The gameplay melts away the tediousness of the grind. I would say that overall, this game is a great game.
game-hours: 248.5
review: I've been following this game for a while, since it was in early stages of closed beta. And I can tell you this: *It is constantly being updated with awesome new content and fun events. *The community is one of the better ones I have seen in any online game. *The crafting system is done well. *The only thing you can't get without spending some cash is cosmetics (additional color pallets and scarfs etc) Of course there are bad sides to the game too: -First the game seams bugged alot, but the developers are working hard on fixing those issues and the changes in the past few updates have improved the overall performance of the game -The game doesn't focus on PVP, so it's almost non-present (which isn't necessarily a bad thing, just don't log in expecting some grand PVP action...It is a co-op focused game)... - The missions can get a bit repetative... Well, those are the barebone "traits" of the game. I loved it, it has a huge community so why don't you come and join us ;)
game-hours: 845.4
review: I absolutely love this game. The movement's nice, the grinding isn't as awful as other free to play games I've played, and the customizing on the weapons/characters is fun. There's also hidden areas in some of the levels and I love things like that. I personally recommend playing it with friends if you can.
game-hours: 445.3
review: one of the most addicting and beautiful free-to-play games out there i highly recomend it. it's kind of like a tps-mmo because of the powers you get on each warframe. the wepons are ok some of them are terrible,but on the bright side you can get great a huge longsword (galatine) and bladed boomarang (glave) sadly you can only get a glave by using platinum (real life money) and login rewards.so all in all i totaly recomended it
game-hours: 436.6
review: Cooperative Cyborg Space Ninja Third Person Action RPG. Do I have your attention yet? Having witnessed the evolution of this game from its infancy I can say that it has grown into a unique peice of gaming that will certainly garner its place in the hearts and minds of people. Coming from just a handful of "Warframes", this games version of character with pre-made stats, to an abundence such that there is almost always one to suit any playstyle within the third person market. In terms of graphics it has come a long way. The lighting and animations have come to a crisp smoothness that a lot of other free-to-play titles simply haven't gotten to. The bio-metal, or whatever the suits are made up of look organic but have the deflecting power of metal which makes for an interesting change when you're sliding across a metal surface and hear the suit grinding against the ground. Combat is almost always fast and fluid with hoards of enemies attempting to do everything in their power from keeping you from your objective with varying enemy types. Going head long into a wave of enemies can be fun, but the unprepared should be ready for a quick death. Finding your niche is easier since there are plenty of people in the community who are willing to pull you along to get the Warframe of your choice by getting you the parts to build it. Crafting is simple to learn and essencial to maximizing your arsenal as well. Getting the right gun could just be a matter of getting the materials to build it. If it turns out to not be that great, sell it off and craft again until you find that one you're willing to put money down to get a Orokin Catalyst and enhance it further for a fraction of the cost it would have been to purchase the weapon outright. Who knows, you might even find an event and get the Catalyst completely free. The final and most important element of the game is the mods. These can completely alter the way some of the warframes play out, even some of the weapons get an extra kick. Current personal favorite is the Kunai throwing knives with a 170% chance of an additional shot at the same time. That's right, I get the possibility to throw a third with each toss of a blade and deal massive damage. Finding this kind of combo for your weapon is just a download away. Enjoy.
game-hours: 19.1
review: This game has some amazing graphics for a free-to-play. Game mechanics are nice, too. Although it's an open beta, there is very little content in the game though, and it's definitely not worth spending any IRL money on, and after a while there isn't much to this game that brings you back to it: the missions, despite the levels being somewhat randomly generated every time you play a mission, get extremely repetitive after a while. 7/10
game-hours: 141.5
review: Extremely fun i love all the graphic and how its not a pay to win game
game-hours: 204.9
review: Good game
game-hours: 12.1
review: A great F2P Space Ninja game. Not pay too win, and not much of a grind if you enjoy the game. I recommend it too anyone!
game-hours: 564.4
review: Clearly I recommend this game to anyone who wants team-based PvE Action, with loads of characters(WARFRAMES) and weaponry to chose from that are unique in everyway and that varies differently from each other with their own advantages/disadvantages to even the playing field. Fast intuitive action team based or stealthy solo missions, its L4D ninja's in space at its finest.
game-hours: 3.1
review: Melhor free to play da steam, sem mais. Graficos 10/10, jogabilidade perfeita. Muito .
game-hours: 2073.0
review: Warframe is, simply put, a great game. It's continuously updating with new content and that combined with its relaxed yet exciting gameplay will keep you playing for a long time. I personally love every aspect of Warframe, but there are two things that put me off, and I felt I should make people aware of it. For one, the game can get a bit repetitive, more specifically the grinding part. Although it does not do so to the point that it makes the game ridiculous and/or not fun, it still remains a bit of an issue. Second is the presence of the in-game trading, more specifically the ability to trade things for the ingame currency Platinum (which you usually buy with real life money). This function, and how extensively it is being used, might as well change the name of Warframe to WarTrade. However, other than those two things I find this an awesome game, and I definitely reccommend it to other people. It's graphics are definitely appealing, the customer service has been really good, and its gameplay is very addictive, at least to me. Not to mention Warframe is essentially completely free-to-play! You can unlock and play all content by just playing the game. Using money in this game only unlocks purely cosmetic stuff and allows you to get gear and weapons slightly faster. You get 50 free Platinum when creating an account to boot, which I heavily suggest you spend for Warframe/Weapon slots.
game-hours: 858.9
review: Awesome graphics, good team play and massive customization.
game-hours: 555.5
review: Great game if you love going melee and FPS. May seem like COD games, but much better.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Its game for robot ninja i give it 8/10
game-hours: 2983.4
review: nice game to play
game-hours: 108.8
review: Cool game
game-hours: 437.8
review: stole my life. brilliant game 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 640.6
review: An awsome free to play action game that is constantly growing and adding new content.
game-hours: 1180.3
review: I played this game in the early open beta and thought it was a lot of fun, and after a year+ of updates and hotfixes, it has turned into a wonderfully crafted world of Space Ninjas...Yes...SPACE NINJAS! The game is probably the best Free-to-Play games, and even one of my favorite shooters, on the internet. Play this game! It is epic!
game-hours: 253.3
review: Warframe isn't one of those, run-of-the-mill free-2-play games you often see nowadays. Yes, there are microtransactions and yes, there is bought currency. However, that's where the line is dropped. Warframe is a game revolving around 1 versus 3 fight with you, the Tenno against the Grineer, the Corupus and the Infested. You, and three other players in your squad must eliminate these enemies by completing missions and events that are present throughout the game. You are given a vast amount of customizability with not only your loadout, but your cosmetic appearance. Weapons are either bought using Platnium (microtransactions), credits (achieved through missions) and building them using blueprints. Warframes also occur the same way, but may require more work. There are around about two hundred different missions ranging from about 10-11 planets of our solar system, in which each mission has a certain faction, tile/map set and objective that is to be accomplished as you challenge this mission. However, missions with the same objective may seem almost identical, which I'll explain later. Frames, otherwise known as your "character" holds completely unique abilities that will aid either you or your allies. Each frame also has a seperate set of statistics and can be used to suit the needs of the mission. You can also enhance not only your weapons, but your frames with mods or artifacts. These artifacts are obtained through missions and building frames. Effects of these mods can range from addition armour, to enhanced firing speed, to poison or elemental damage. Frame mods can boost attributes such as speed or ability power. Warframe is completely different from most F2P games, as they don't necessarily require you to spend money to get further in game. Most things can be aquired through playing and gaining levels. Somethings however, that may affect you would be the fact that you can't get more than 2-3 frames at once unless you buy a Frame slot, or you can't surpass a certain amount of weapons before you need to buy weapon slots. This is not necessarily worrisome in the beginning weeks, but it will get to you once you get some more powerful weapons and you'd rather not have to sell them in order to get a new weapon. Same with the frames, which is probably the only problem with the microtransations present on this game but they still maintain a fairly reputable system which isn't hogged with this. Now, this may not be early, but the game is largely grindy. In order to amass a decent chunk of money in order to build or buy, you'll need to do quite a bit of missions. This is another bad downside to the game, which can cause boredom once you get past a certain point, where fighting and completing missions has become basically worthless. Also, missions of the same gametype may seem extremely identical. However, the fact that the game is Co-Op makes the game much more enjoyable along with the fact that teamwork is actually needed at times in order to successfully complete a misiion without error. The graphics in the game are really well made, possibly the best graphics I've seen for a F2P game. Not only this, but the graphics are fairly scalable, allowing lower-end computers to run it at the cost of lower graphic fidelity. A couple mistakes that don't make much of a different is that the bloom can be massively impairing if you view it at a certain angle, the physics engine is a bit derpy as well, but it doesn't make any significant difference. Finally, the community of this game is probably one of the better ones I've encountered. Most people are helpful, relatively kind and because it's not a competitive game in most aspects, insults and such aren't flung very often. There are some who refuse to work and can be a massive nuisance. With this, I finally end this crappy review of a decent game personally. I suggest you not take my word on this to heart, and try the game for yourself. Now, Go Tenno!
game-hours: 201.7
review: Warframe is a good game but it can feel like your doing the same thing over and over again. The Combat is fun the card system is nice and the guns and meele really make the game what it is graphics are good but if this isnt the game for you you'll know right off the bat however its is really fun for players that like this genre
game-hours: 243.4
review: Fun, action-packed game. Really nice graphics. If you like ninjas in space and shooters, this is the game for you. Fast paced game play, dungeon crawler co-op game with many weapons to choose from. It could do with more strategy as most games with a full team of 4 wind up being a huge zerg and the final kill count seems to be related to the person who run the fastest. Game can get grindy and repetitive, and the store items can be a little pricy, but if you want to just have a blast and shoot anything in sight for a while, this will get you hooked.
game-hours: 6.5
review: This is an absolutley amazing game. Everytime I open It up I can't believe that I'm playing a free game! If this game was priced at ten dollars I would still buy it. Awesome game.
game-hours: 34.7
review: This game is awesome nuff said.
game-hours: 424.6
review: Excelente jogo ! Um dos melhores free 2 play que ja joguei
game-hours: 195.0
review: This game allows me to shoot the gun and go fast all while being a ninja in space.
game-hours: 427.2
review: Its a great game. Along with co-op you have get to have neat player abilities, which if paired up with other Warframes you and your friends can be devastating against your enemies. Its free, the gameplay is fun, and for a free-to-play its very pretty. So Space-Ninjas... Need I say more? 8.5/10 (8.5 because its takes so long to get new weapons and other Warframes! >.< But hey, all the more reason to shoot stuff right?)
game-hours: 167.7
review: Great game, I've logged loads and loads of hours on it, for quite awhile you can solo it too but on most bosses and defence missions you'll need a helping hand. It's a good blend of melee and shooter, filling the enemy full of lead (or tiny metal darts) then hacking them to bit with your melee weapon of choice, collecting and building new items can be a grind at a start but after a while it soon eases. Plus it's free, give it a try
game-hours: 204.3
review: Since I last played this game in closed beta and left it due to it lagging on my computer along with choppy movement, the amount of updates that the developers have put forth is AMAZING! Warframe's premise for the game is unique and is continuously being built upon. There's a learning curve to the game, but once you learn it, it is a lot more enjoyable. Also, playing with friends and making new ones is always good! :D
game-hours: 950.6
review: One of the best Free2Play's i have ever tried out. You can practically get everything or every weapon, warframe in the game just by playing the game. Graphics wise, its a gorgeous game. Music is a heat pumping rhythm, that will make you just want to kill everything at sight. Sometimes the lobbies tend to mess up, like joining someone's game tells me the objective is done... but its not. It kinda feels like Mass Effect 3's multiplayer mode. Having these alert missions is good and rewarding. Plus an active community, gonna love an active community. There were a lot of big changes from Closed beta to open beta, but overall this is an amazing game. Oh i forgot about the story, it has a story and bosses to beat :D Amazing game, Play now Tenno!
game-hours: 5.3
review: this is a great game away from the normal things i play. graphics are great only complaint is how there arent many differences in the maps. all in all though its a awesome game to get with friends co-op it up and kill stuff!
game-hours: 2.2
review: It a good game !
game-hours: 222.9
review: good game to play with freinds ^_^
game-hours: 1048.8
review: Absolutely amazing game all around. I love it. No life it almost every day :)
game-hours: 121.2
review: This game is unbelievable. When I first heard about it, I thought it was just going to be another generic FPS game, but oh was i wrong. It got me hooked only after a few minutes of playing, the characters, the enemies, the world, all aspects of the game are awesome. If I had to rate this game, I would give a 10/10
game-hours: 219.9
review: Suuuper addicting great game for free. comes with strings tho. time equals money in this game. 12-24-72 hour craft times. and you can tell who spends money and who does not. but it's optional. you can do just fine without spending a dime. i've spend bout ten bucks and am happy where i ended up. so yeah next gen kinda game FOR FREE. duh download the  outa this
game-hours: 3050.2
review: Play this game like how I played with your mother.... No, really, its a fun game.
game-hours: 1300.8
review: Absolute gameplay, great graphic, and it's free to play!
game-hours: 191.0
review: Really really good combat mechanics. Not a lot else, but that alone is worth a number of hours of fun.
game-hours: 519.7
review: Warframe is a fun and exciting third-person shooter. Leveling your "Warframe" and playing through its missions is super fun when you first start out. Although end game can be a bit grindy, there is always something to do and work towards. There is online mode as well as private, so you can play by yourself or with other people. But it's definatelly more fun with friends. If you're looking for an interesting action oriented game with some challange, pick up Warframe and give it a try.
game-hours: 413.6
review: Space ninjas in space with space guns. That's basically what I say the game is to people that have no clue about it. And I love this game. Sure it has it's fault, suich as "F2P" meaning nothing, you still need to spend at least $20 on it eventually. But other than that, the devs are nice, the community is good. And it's all in a ll fun to play. The gamer itself is really neat, even though it's a beta, it's still a very decent game. A lot of fun killing times, granted it's not very heavy on the lore, but it's still a good game. It's sort of like minecraft, you dont understand it, but you still get addicted to it at some point or another. The weapons are cool, and the fact that you put on a different "suit" and it gives you these awesome abilities, makes it fun. You can customize the play style to however you want it to be. Stealthy, bum rush, magic. It's all there. So check it out. It won't cost you anything to start, but if you get into it, a little investment to help out these awesome devs is totally worth it.
game-hours: 289.6
review: Warframe is a game which puts you in the shoes of a Tenno aka, "A Mother ing Space Ninja", where your job is to kill a bunch of people who look kind of like the emporer from star wars or people with shoe boxes for heads. The gameplay is pretty standard for a third person shooter but adds a few unique mechanics that makes the game flow together quite nicely and makes killing waves apon waves of crude clone nerd guys incredibly satisfying. The game consists of you doing a bunch of missions that are kind of made obselete as the game is focused - very heavily - around obtaining parts for weapons and warframes. This is a good thing and a bad thing because obtaining a new gun or a warframe can completely change the way the game is played, but I wont go into that, the reason why this is bad is that it makes the game very "grindey" and passively forces the player into committing to grinding for something to spice up the gameplay as the starter gear is piss-poor and uninteresting - alternatively they can invest their hard-earned coin into the game and just get most of the fun stuff through the micro transaction store. This sort of "forced commitment" has lead to a lot of people I know disliking the game as they came in and joined to play with other people who were higher as they felt that the gear they started with was more under-whelming and it put them off the game a little. Although this isn't much of a review as more of just throwing some thoughts onto Steam without using Spellcheck, I wanted to say something about the game as I have poured a lot of my time and money into it because the game is so satisfying and fresh when you invest your time into to it in the way I have. I'd like to say to anyone that picks this up as a try for a free to play game that it's a game where you may love it from the start but you may also have to invest you time or money in to get the same amount of enjoyment as others.
game-hours: 1397.4
review: This is my favorite game! One of the best FTP games I have ever played. When you start off you get the choice between three starter characters (warframes) depending on your play style, and from there you can get more frames and weapons to further expand your arsenal. Everything in this game can be obtained without putting real money into it (just saying). It's definitely worth your time. Trust me it will be well worth the journey to get your desired equipment. Good Luck, Fellow Tenno :D P.S. If you need help, feel free to add me: lonesurvivor05
game-hours: 192.0
review: This is a solid beta. It provides great fast paced action. Expansive leveling and customization. You can play solo or in groups so you aren't strong armed into one or the other. I will say it again though, it is a beta so there are bugs but the flip side to that is a continual stream of updates. I am taking place in the first big operation and it is a lot of fun. Basically it has everything I could want in an Action shooter; big levels, different types of missions, many environments, lots of guns, lots of leveling of gear etc... Just a great game for 20mins or 20hrs.
game-hours: 2.2
review: Yesh. Play it. Noaw.
game-hours: 508.8
review: Free, updated all the time and fun with friends.
game-hours: 196.5
review: Four words... Space Ninjas in Space!!! Warframe is awesome the unique style and fast pace gameplay really make for a good time. It's F2P and you really do not need to put any money in to the game to enjoy it to the fullest. You can buy the warframes and weapons but they are are easy enough to obtain given a little time.
game-hours: 176.4
review: It's ok. Not great but ok. I've really tried to like this game but I just haven't been able to get there, yet, and I find myself going back to Mass Effect 3 (it's a shame Bioware has pretty much blown off it's multiplayer support). I really dislike the fact that you can't earn platinum by just playing the game. Instead you're either required to shell out money or need to grind for ridiculous lengths of time to unlock new stuff. Regardless, for what it's worth, it's pretty good, especially considering it's free-to-play. If they were to change the purchasing systems and leveling system in the future, I'd most likely donate cash toward it's development. Addendum (2013/12/13): It's actually a lot of fun. I've been playing the crap out of it the past couple of weeks and, now that I've picked up on the resource farming and have a better idea on the forging, I think it's pretty entertaining. I still like the overall feel of Mass Effect better but ME has become pretty stagnant compared to the continuous evolution of Warframe. I will continue to dislike the purchasing system and the inability to get new equipment in an acceptable amount of time without paying for it. I also find it appalling that DE put in the option to pay platinum for credits. All-in-all, fun
game-hours: 292.0
review: This game is possibly the best game I have ever played. Mixing creativity, building, fighting, magic, abilities, and all sorts of fun, this game is just stunningly amazing. I would recommend this game to absolutely everyone, and would like to ask them to give it a chance, considering it is free anyway. Overall worth the download, and fun as hell. Definitely get it.
game-hours: 143.6
review: I can't stop... playing this game... Help me. For a more substatnive review, a lot has already been covered in other reviews that I can echo; the gameplay is fun, it's got some grinding aspects but you never feel a lack of what to do, the co-op aspects are spectacular, and abilities start to synergize with each other as you start to work together... The reason I got so wholy sucked into it, though, is that it feels like an amalgamation of a lot of my favorite aspects of gaming; a compelling leveling system, great customization options for gameplay style, reasonable grinding for new equipment and warframes so that each acquisition feels like an exciting accomplishment... The sum of the parts makes the whole incredible. It's clear that the game is still beta, that's certain, but if it's already at this point in its beta stage and still getting updates, it has a LOT of potential. HIGHLY reccommended.
game-hours: 1031.5
review: Surely everyone has already very familiar with the topic of outer space ninja ninja but the only competition in this game - WARFRAME, 3rd combination of RPG and shooting will give players the feeling rambo extremely , besides being able to build dojo (for members of the clan) improve interoperability between players with each other... however game modes in the game are few and the environment in a few short game species and terrain changes automatically every time you play on the game's special Uproot game engine. found a thousand words, or experience the feeling of watching one ninja in space is like, and if you still is one lone warrior in this macrocosm, or join my clan WFO -IGN: bogialat123
game-hours: 1000.1
review: Addicting. Once you get all the OP items, you're gunna want more. Each new release of a warframe or gear encourages you to farm and build it. Overall, this game requires a lot of time to farm, just to pay off -- or you can buy plat.
game-hours: 7.5
review: So far this game is ok or interesting. Maybe me, more then likley. Trying to figure out what they want or need me to do. But again maybe it is my age. But trying to figure out is challenging lol
game-hours: 81.7
review: great game tough grinding for parts can be a pain in the
game-hours: 357.2
review: 350+ hours so far. If you like ninjas, and you like space then you will love warframe. Best of all ITS FREE.
game-hours: 704.9
review: Amazing free to play. They have done a really good job avoiding the pay to win and allowing anyone to get any weapons or warframe in game with time alone. Paying in this game just helps make up for time. Well worth putting money towards though.
game-hours: 578.7
review: "Measure twice, cut once." This is not a credo the Warframe developers live by. Warframe's core problem is what some would consider a strength. The updates come quickly, and the developers just as quickly change their minds about what they want to do with the game. Sometimes there's obvious flaws in updates that wouldn't have been there if more time had been spent planning before implementing. Once the game is out of beta and considered final, maybe this will change. Right now, Warframe is an unstable game - player abilities change constantly, the defenses and attacks of the opponents likewise. There's a lot of user interface problems and frequent crashing. Overall, the development process seems very guided by passion, and it is not restrained by procedure or common sense. The result is a game that changes drastically in a rapid manner - and it is only a slight exaggeration to say I wouldn't be surprised if it turned into a turn-based RPG overnight. The gameplay itself is fairly solid - though, it's basically all shooting and looting. It is a third person shooter combined with an action RPG. Once you have shooted and looted your way to the best gear, however, there's woefully little to do. For now anyway, seeing the rapid pace of development. The parkour isn't fun, due to the problematic controls and abundance of surfaces where it merely fails. The shooting is fun, and the abilities spice it up nicely, though in late game the game goes from effortless to unfair very quickly. The looting is sometimes extremely grindy, but still fun enough. It is also a game to be played in a team. There's puzzles, there's bosses that need to be figured out. They're not complicated, but they do punish players rushing ahead without stopping to think. A group of players not working as a team will find some of the later bosses and level elements almost impossible. Given the language barrier you sometimes encounter, this can be a significant headache. As far as the free-to-play elements go, there's the good and there's the bad. It's possible to play the game for free, and it's fairly easy to pay a little money to skip a lot of grinding. There are however some items bought with real money that are completely useless and will quickly scare away a player after they buy them and they realize they spent the game's premium currency on worthless garbage. Until you figure out what you want and know your way around, buy nothing but Orokin Catalysts, Orokin Reactors, Warframe slots and weapon slots. The grind can be significant, however, especially if you're trying to spend as little money as possible. In short, it's a fun team-based shooter that can get extremely grindy, and once you're done grinding there's little to do. And the very fast and mostly untested patches mean that keeping up with the changes can be difficult, and bugs frequently pop up. Right now the game is decent. Maybe it will be excellent in the future.
game-hours: 103.5
review: Amazing gameplay, 10/10 Graphics, stunning action. Jam packed fun.
game-hours: 0.6
review: :))
game-hours: 3.7
review: I just love warframe everything fromguns and swords and plasma weapons
game-hours: 1067.7
review: Awesome easy to play game without the excessive grind! The bad part to that though is its easy to get tired of quickly and its maps and missions are a bit repetitve, but the developers are always dishing out updates which make up for that con.
game-hours: 697.8
review: Warframe is a 1-to-4-player co-op, third-person action title that combines gunplay, melee combat, and freerunning environment traversal in equal measures, and does all three very well. The firearms are numerous, and widely varied, and they deliver satisfying feedback. The melee combat is visceral, brutal, and lightning fast. The freerunning (though it takes a bit to learn the ins and outs of the game's physics) is mostly smooth, and makes you feel like a badass space ninja. The Warframes (characters) each have unique--and highly gratifying--power sets, and therefore unique strengths and weaknesses. But the deep and complex modding system allows you to enhance weapons and Warframes to suit your favorite playstyle, or to exploit the specific weaknesses of the game's various enemies/factions. The developers are always on top of it, often delivering hotfixes within hours of a bug's discovery. Major updates come fairly often, further increasing the game's already expansive array of goodies. Major events/instances can yield exclusive equipment to participants. The game is free-to-play, but is very careful to avoid being construed as a "pay-to-win" title. Aside from purely cosmetic items/features, you can obtain everything through normal gameplay. Every character, gun, sword, sentinel, blueprint, component resource, and material can be acquired through completing events and missions, farming, or boss rushing. Using Platinum (the game's real-money currency) simply saves you time. The community is very friendly and cooperative, offering up information, tips, and aid to new players when requested. Becoming a member of a clan has tangible benefits, as there are certain perks, items, and weapons that can only be obtained through clan-initiated research. There are always clan Warlords looking for new recruits. If you're a fan of shooters, ninjas, co-op, or sci-fi, this game is definitely worth a look. It's free, so you've got nothing to lose. :)
game-hours: 128.5
review: Space ninjas for free.
game-hours: 459.4
review: Outstanding game. This game is just so open it allows so many ways to play the game. Not the mention the modding system and the variety of Warframes you can play as. These Developers (Digital Extremes) deserve a thumbs up and some support because the more u help them the more u get content!
game-hours: 939.2
review: Very well made game!
game-hours: 1389.1
review: This game is such a unique 3rd person shooting experience. Original and best of all, it's free. Once you pass the 12 hour mark, it's hard to put down. Moderate grinding, useful to kill time and extremely stress relieving. 8.5/10.
game-hours: 728.4
review: This Game is awesome !!!!
game-hours: 398.7
review: On a scale of 1-10 this game is a Jesus. I've been playing this game since closed beta. It's come such a long way and with update 12 this game looks polished and official. Awesome work for a smaller studio. You can tell they love the game, and the constant push of new content is awesome
game-hours: 241.8
review: Great game, really love it.
game-hours: 2194.7
review: Warframe ist eines der besten spiele das ich in den vergangenen jahren gespielt habe. Ich kann und mchte dieses Spiel wrmstens weiter empfehlen!
game-hours: 34.6
review: Warframe is practically the computer version of Clash of Clans, figuratively. It will addict you with hours of gameplay that keep you coming back with the "just one more level" feeling. The graphics are amazing. I play on low graphics settings, for quality's sake, and the game looks comparable to Halo 4 on the Xbox 360 in terms of detail. Your eyeballs are in for a treat. The levels are all the same structure, you move from room to room murdering everything in your path with guns to bow and arrows to shurikens, etc. There are different level types, Exterminate, Spy, Assassinate, Defense, Survival, Sabotage, and Mobile Defense. Each of these levels has a different objective that I am not going in depth of(mainly because the title says it all), but they last 10-15 minutes usually. The length of the mission really depends on how far you are willing to push yourself. Are you going to murder an entire army, or just the standing garisson? The choice is yours. This game has full clan support, trading, friends, text chat, and even a PvP multiplayer duel mode where up to 4 people can duke it out to see whose ninja skills are superior. All in all, it's a great game for being free, and even though repetitiveness sinks in quickly, the tutorial doesn't give a lot of info, and the storyline is non-existent, it's fun. And that's all games are supposed to be. For the few gigabytes it's worth, I give Warframe a 8/10.
game-hours: 1314.0
review: My fave coop shooter at the moment,gets better the more u play,read the guides to help u out.More to this game than meets the eye.Leaves mass effect 3 multiplyer for dead
game-hours: 77.7
review: A very fun game !!!
game-hours: 97.7
review: Warframe is a game to never let go of... It is different from other shooters, a lot different! I can play this for hours and hours! With a leveling systems that gives you a challange but isn't too hard. Every update new guns and warframes are added to the game making the gaming experiance everlasting. All I can say is get this game. 10/10
game-hours: 237.8
review: This game is very fun (and free) although it is mostly just grinding non-stop if you don't play extremely often it is usually fresh again.
game-hours: 322.7
review: Warframe - kinky space ninjas!!! Here's my Tenno Tune:
game-hours: 702.6
review: For a free open beta game, I have found myself continuously enjoying this game. It's unique, it's fast-paced, and keeps getting better with every update! DOWNLOAD IT NOW! You will not regret it!
game-hours: 193.5
review: Very fun game :)
game-hours: 71.1
review: The game is full of gun fights, duels and clans you will love this game but one thing its wrong for some reason the rank up system is werid it wont let me rank up rank 1 O.O
game-hours: 939.9
review: One of the best games ever, great community, awesome dev team.
game-hours: 381.6
review: Great game for people looking for an online shooter game
game-hours: 809.3
review: This is a fun little game to play if you havbe the time to play it and make it good.
game-hours: 351.0
review: Like Dead space but gay
game-hours: 24.2
review: wat
game-hours: 55.1
review: Very fun with friends. Still fun with random people.
game-hours: 1089.3
review: I would recommend this game to anyone liking the idea of being like a techno version of Deadpool!
game-hours: 670.3
review: Best F2P I've played in a long time. Amazing graphics, enormous amount of content, hours and hours of gameplay without bordom. Even more fun with friends. Plus, now I can say I'm a ninja.
game-hours: 61.2
review: At first I downloaded this game because KATANAS IN SPESS, and I thought I would just bust some money on it. So I go to the free2play store, to buy the katana (named Nikana in game). But, to my great sadness, the Nikana is XP locked. That's a nice free to play. Doesn't just allow you to buy all the good stuff. I ended up saving the majority money and got some Samurai Shoulder pads, and the Ash ninja frame. LAZOR SHURIKENS. Great free2play, great gameplay, great co-op, great balancing. I heart it.
game-hours: 20.2
review: I just got this game and im hooked. This is going on my top 5 list.
game-hours: 748.6
review: Absolutely an amazing free to play game. Have over 200 hours into it alone, and it's always evolving. While there can be a good amount of downtime between updates every once in a while, the amount of weapons, warframes(guys you play as), things to collect, dojo to build or clans to join, and friendly community, there's no reason not to play. I've only once put about twenty bucks into this game for some early warframe slots and weapon slots. Since then, I've made all I ever needed by selling items in-game. Great market, just gotta keep up with prices.
game-hours: 199.3
review: An awsome Free To Play game with lots of potential and still being updated
game-hours: 363.7
review: So this is a game called warframe and you use the suits in warframe called warframes and in warframe with the warframes you use play warframe and with the warframes you slice people up with swords and guns and stuff. You're also a space ninja, Is there anything else needed to be said. Also play as raiden and other Metal Gear characters 10/10 would roleplay again
game-hours: 142.0
review: -First you gather the seeds you want to plant. -Then plant your seeds and wait. -Then you make a ing sandwich out of the vegetables you got. -Put your sandwich in the fridge and don't forget to wait till it spoils. -Eat your ing sandwich. -Puke out of your happiness and pride. And you know what's the worst of it? I can't stop it. I must be a ing masochist.
game-hours: 19.2
review: insanely good game, keeps me coming back for more. I also love the idea crafting takes real time..... it is rare for something like that in a game and it really works well. Esp if you get all that gear stop playign for the night and tell it to craft... you wake up check it out and tadaaa!
game-hours: 1332.5
review: It's a lot of fun
game-hours: 1420.7
review: A fantastic shooter in the hack and slash genra. Graphics: the graphics are of high quality, the shaders work well and great visuals overall, the only issue i have is on grenier ships there is massive bloom in some areas, other then that i give it a 9/10 Story: there is practicolly 0 story in this game, you start off reviving on pluto and just... start killing stuff cus Lotus says do this for the tenno. there is some lore background on some things, but most story based content that has happened is on forums, and stuff you and the player base as a whole vote on on what happens (story tends to advance major update to major update. which is a unique twist on things) story i give 3/10 Gameplay: the game play is fluid. the controls are tight, you can do cool ninja things like running on walls, flipping off walls, rolling, just things that make you feel like a badass when done right. your warframe has unique powers and stats and the abilities are really neat, some of them are stupidly strong but thats the fun in hack and slash games. you have a primary weapon, a secondary weapon, and a melee weapon and between missions you can level them up and attach Mods you find to custumise how your weapon handles. weapons and warframes level up to 30, and if attached with catylests you can have 60 Mod points to equip. the only downside to the gameplay element is there is alot of grinding, the first 4-6 levels happen quickly, and on the last stretch from levels 23-30 take a LONG time, and if you decide to use a forma when hitting 30 for polarity slots, your back down to level 0 for that weapon or warframe. overal i give it 8/10 Free 2 PLay: game is completly free, and has hotfix updates nearly every 3-4 days, minar patches every week or 2, and a major update they advertise every few months. the udpates adress bug fixes, balence changes, system implimentations, weapons, and warframes. content in every direction really. the micro transaction model i find is fair, buying weapons from the market with Plat. gives you the weapon already built and gives you a slot for the weapon in your inventory (altho expensive but you are buying a slot as well for it and an equiped catalyst so you dont have to wait for an event for one) in the market you can also buy blueprint for most weapons in the game to craft on your own at anytime. all weapons you buy or craft starts at level 0, so you do have to play in order to make full use of them. how i feel they did in this F2P model is 10/10 overal i recommend the game, it is fun for people who like shooters and for people who like the hack / slash model of random dungens and lots of dudes to kill. hope this review helps :3
game-hours: 0.3
review: got more gigabytes than i started off with 11/10 would get again
game-hours: 218.9
review: This is far too much fun. Best 3rd person shooted I've ever played and it still in beta.
game-hours: 446.7
review: Have you ever wanted to kill giant robots from mars with a stick you made from garbage you found on uranus? WEL NOW YOU CAN!!!!!! Space ninjas, thats all i need to say to get you to install (but its also free, so theres that too). Install or go back to your lame game that doesn't involve punching aliens in the face. This has got to be one of my favorite games!
game-hours: 7.6
review: This game is awesome if you like ninja's
game-hours: 6.8
review: If you like NInja, Sci-fi games then get this
game-hours: 6.6
review: This Free To Play game is a very nice and well done game that has a nice story and' clear cut' gameplay with the diffeent ways to play the game i am finding it a very enjoyable experience. The only problem I find is the importance of microtransactions to get the best weapons and warframe but the game is very enjoyable non the less. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes any shooters because this has almost everything a diverse shooter needs.
game-hours: 548.9
review: . 10/10
game-hours: 1043.7
review: The game is alright for people who like PVE. You can play in a squad of no more than 4 people. There is a fair variety of missions Large ammount of guns and customization options Everything than can be purchased on the market with real money can be found and crafted in the game with hardwork and luck. There is even some things money cant buy. PVP lacks something fierce. There is literally no point to it. The PVP in this game lacks the feeling of just completely obliterating your oponent. There is no real strategy and it just feels like a cheap CoD arena. If youre looking for a PVP game. turn around this is not it.
game-hours: 225.3
review: Good in small doses. You can rush to end game really fast and there isn't much of that.
game-hours: 630.8
review: Fun, a lot of stuff to do and build, but it can get repetitive as long as you play with friends it will be one hell of a game
game-hours: 226.0
review: This game is fun and enjoyable i give it 8.4 out of 10.
game-hours: 2011.2
review: Got addicted since the first day. This is what I call "real" F2P, don't need to spend a cent.
game-hours: 6.0
review: One of the best sifi free to play game to date!
game-hours: 34.6
review: Warframe is practically the computer version of Clash of Clans, figuratively. It will addict you with hours of gameplay that keep you coming back with the "just one more level" feeling. The graphics are amazing. I play on low graphics settings, for quality's sake, and the game looks comparable to Halo 4 on the Xbox 360 in terms of detail. Your eyeballs are in for a treat. The levels are all the same structure, you move from room to room murdering everything in your path with guns to bow and arrows to shurikens, etc. There are different level types, Exterminate, Spy, Assassinate, Defense, Survival, Sabotage, and Mobile Defense. Each of these levels has a different objective that I am not going in depth of(mainly because the title says it all), but they last 10-15 minutes usually. The length of the mission really depends on how far you are willing to push yourself. Are you going to murder an entire army, or just the standing garisson? The choice is yours. This game has full clan support, trading, friends, text chat, and even a PvP multiplayer duel mode where up to 4 people can duke it out to see whose ninja skills are superior. All in all, it's a great game for being free, and even though repetitiveness sinks in quickly, the tutorial doesn't give a lot of info, and the storyline is non-existent, it's fun. And that's all games are supposed to be. For the few gigabytes it's worth, I give Warframe a 8/10.
game-hours: 1314.0
review: My fave coop shooter at the moment,gets better the more u play,read the guides to help u out.More to this game than meets the eye.Leaves mass effect 3 multiplyer for dead
game-hours: 77.7
review: A very fun game !!!
game-hours: 97.7
review: Warframe is a game to never let go of... It is different from other shooters, a lot different! I can play this for hours and hours! With a leveling systems that gives you a challange but isn't too hard. Every update new guns and warframes are added to the game making the gaming experiance everlasting. All I can say is get this game. 10/10
game-hours: 237.8
review: This game is very fun (and free) although it is mostly just grinding non-stop if you don't play extremely often it is usually fresh again.
game-hours: 322.7
review: Warframe - kinky space ninjas!!! Here's my Tenno Tune:
game-hours: 702.6
review: For a free open beta game, I have found myself continuously enjoying this game. It's unique, it's fast-paced, and keeps getting better with every update! DOWNLOAD IT NOW! You will not regret it!
game-hours: 193.5
review: Very fun game :)
game-hours: 71.1
review: The game is full of gun fights, duels and clans you will love this game but one thing its wrong for some reason the rank up system is werid it wont let me rank up rank 1 O.O
game-hours: 1063.6
review: really gord
game-hours: 2.1
review: A very impressive free game
game-hours: 92.3
review: Love the graphics, gameplay and story! Plus with being able to play with other people that are not a&#holes makes it even better! I recommend this game to everybody I know and more!
game-hours: 4.6
review: Atleast it's better than destiny :D
game-hours: 705.5
review: This is basically a game about alien cyborg space ninjas to put it basically it's really fun too! only downside is the platinum system.
game-hours: 742.7
review: Pretty much one of the best games I've ever played, but that is LARGELY due to personal preference. This game is extremely grindy, you will spend loads of time grinding for rare parts and resources. Keep that in mind. For actual gameplay, it is very smooth and the graphics are beautiful, All the races are well designed with plenty of variants (some really annoying, like nullifiers). There is a tactical advantage to stealth, depending on what frame you play as. Some frames are weak in terms of tankiness but can kill pretty much anything in the way if they don't get hit. Others *cough Trinity cough* can take literally any amount of damage and not die if you play it right. This is advanced modding though. See below. The upgrade system is really well done, using these special drops called mods. They essentially upgrade the stats and powers of your frame and weapons. You have 8 mod slots, and a polarity system so you can make your slots more efficient if they match up with the mod. When you first craft a weapon or frame, it will have no mod capacity, which you need to install mods. As you rank it up by using it in matches, it will gain mod capacity, allowing it to become exponentially stronger. The current strongest weapon in the game per shot is the Paris Prime, which through the polarity system, very rare mods, and lots of time, you can basically one-shot any enemy. I recommend finding the parts for one as soon as you become comfortable with the thought of using a bow against massive amounts of enemies that can, late-game, oneshot almost all players. The advantage to it is that you can do the same to them. The trading system is good, but needs some changes I think. The in-game currency that players can buy or trade for from other players is Platinum, which is used to either trade players for items you want, or to buy things from the official market. The problem with this is that players can essentially get any Prime gear they want if they pay, when really it is meant to be as a last resort if that one item you simply must have isn't dropping for you. There are loads more things in the game, because DE does actually add a lot of content every couple months. Companions, Archwing, Tactical Alerts, Boss fights, and even more. Expect large updates every 1-2 months with bug fixes and lots of new content to satisfy you. If you have no patience and no time, don't play this game. You will either rage quit from not getting the things you want quickly, or become addicted and then lose control of your life. I put 100 hours into this game over the course of 4 months, and took a break from gaming. When I came back.. I put another 400 in 6 months. I do recommend this to those who enjoy playing with friends though. Teamwork is one of the most major aspects of Warframe, and without a good team it is guaranteed that you won't make it far.
game-hours: 286.2
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME ! GET IT
game-hours: 639.7
review: I cant stop playing dis !! help!
game-hours: 585.6
review: warframe best frame
game-hours: 400.2
review: I Have Oberon And Enjoy The Game Because Is Easy For Me When I Use My Ulti wave Or Map Is clear :D I love WARFRAME & DOTA2 Notice = > :::::(Dont go phobos planet more because , 3 brother come and ing u )::::: GOOD LUCK
game-hours: 1379.2
review: Absolutely amazing! Very wide choice of weapons and warframes, each with its own individual abilities. Customization is too big to handle, that is why it is very hard to get bored of this game. With its up to notch gameplay and excellent game mechanics I still got tired of Warframe for a bit, and here is a kicker... I had few months of break from this game, I came back and there was so much new content that I felt like I'm playing a brand new game that I never touched before. New weapons, warframes, environments, new missions, enemies, everything new! The big part of Warframe is evolution and progress of its universe and gameplay, it keeps the game fresh and exciting, that is why "evolving sci-fi world" is a big thing about this game and it keeps on evolving! Recommended to anyone and everyone who enjoys TPS, action games, sci-fi and ofccourse parkour elements :D Mirrors Edge can feel ashamed by Warframe :D
game-hours: 430.3
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 31.1
review: I highly recommend this game... If your looking for a stratergy game with teamwork or a 3rd person shooter with a difference. This is it! In my opinion this is the best F2P mmorpg out there. With beautiful graphics (even on lowest settings) and little to no lag you will be able to wall jump over fire and headshot Grineer in the face while idk its raining and theres a huge background with an endless horizen... If your looking for weapon customization then theres plenty. from cosmetics to upgrades you can change the dps the accuracy and other weapony stats with mods you pick up from the environment. While you can buy weapons with in game special currency you can build your weapons with blueprints which require materials. This game is not P2W as it requires stratergy, guile and teamwork (unless your lone wolfing it) to complete any level, not just the biggest gun. For some though they may find stealth dull, so you can enter a room guns blazing! with a multitude of different playstyles accompanied by Warframes wich is you as a character. there are a few (20ish) and each one different in size background and abilities! I recommend this game and would give it 21/20, 11/10, 70/69 topmarks!
game-hours: 47.1
review: I do recommend this game for people its a fun game that you can play with friends and just have fun and also ITS FREE!
game-hours: 533.4
review: Addictive game so far.
game-hours: 38.3
review: I could have had friends, but I found this game. I could have gotten high, but I found this game. ANND KNOW I KNOW WHY! (Why man?) Cause I found this game, cause I found this game, cause I found this gaaame! I could of got laid, but I found this game. I could of moved out, but I found this game. I could of gotten a job, but I found this game. Now I know why! Cause I'm livin' with me mum, she's paying $200 every week!
game-hours: 415.8
review: It's a fun grind with friends. I wouldn't recommend it if you'd want to mostly solo though.
game-hours: 127.5
review: A spectacular journey into the space with the combination of guns, bunch of guns, melee weapons, different perks & skills, various bosses and maps. You also can't deny the effort on graphic quality and the character concept. In a list of Free to Play games, this is one of the musts. 9/10.
game-hours: 514.3
review: one of the most emersive games i've ever played, being new to pc gaming, i highly recomend this game as a source of seemingly endless run and gun looting fun.
game-hours: 1036.8
review: I could be doing better things with my time.
game-hours: 1461.9
review: warframe is an awsome game to play :)
game-hours: 17.4
review: So much depth and great community/Developer support,
game-hours: 511.2
review: Download it now !!!!!! The game is awesome the graphics the missions everything till now is awesome . It has some bugs but no problem ,
game-hours: 12.9
review: very cool game definetly better than cod in my opinion but for some reason when I downlaod it the next day it disappears from my library.
game-hours: 865.2
review: WELCOME TO "RUIN YOUR LIFE TRAIN"...!!!!
game-hours: 479.0
review: Ninjas espaciais, com armas e asas no espao! Deixa muito a desejar , 5 estrelas!
game-hours: 50.6
review: Warframe is game that makes other FPS look inferior, it's supposedly set in the future, where Tenno Soldiers fight Grineer Marines, for absolutely no unkown reason ; possibly the soverignity of the solar system. The game is also supported by microtransactions via steam. DLC from the game is ridiculous, the more you pay, the more stronger and better you are, but unless you actually put in time and effort to get the same results as the p2winners. Overall, Warframe can be naturally seen as a fps and p2w game, this game actually seemed more new, unlike the other modern-day fps like black ops. Although the game can be seen as a p2w, rarely any time and effort needs to be put in to acquire better eqiupment since materials for blueprints are fairly easy to get. I rate this 7/10 or 70%
game-hours: 2854.8
review: Can be a very grindy game but the artstyle is amazing. Definitly give it a try if u want to be a space ninja!
game-hours: 227.2
review: A mind numbing 3rd person shooter with rpg elements. 6.5/10 watch my review for more:
game-hours: 1216.6
review: Its one of the most awesome games ever! Even if you dont spent any real money on if you can still get tons of weapons! If your interested in FPS you just definatly check this out, its free!
game-hours: 476.4
review: i have 250 games in my library and i'm playing a free to play. that's how good this game is
game-hours: 145.1
review: Good Game!!!1
game-hours: 423.0
review: Warframe is a free to play, fast-paced, third person shooter that can be best described as space ninjas. Developed by Digital Extremes, Warframe follows the adventures of the Tenno during a war with the Grineer, a race of militarized humanoid clones. Tenno soldiers bear a Warframe  effectively, a futuristic and alien combat suit  into battle, as well as a primary weapon, a sidearm, and a melee weapon. The game is, essentially, a sequel to Dark Sector, taking place about a thousand years after its events. Its a game built on two very solid features: exciting gameplay and awesome gear. At its heart, Warframe is all about the action. Combat is intense, and blazingly fast. The Tenno can sprint, slide, and dodge out of hairy situations, as well as being able to run along walls and displaying quite a fair collection of parkour motions. Players can sneak around a map and melee an enemy from behind for elevated damage, but its nowhere near as fun or as easy as running into a crowded room, guns a blazing. Theres a much heavier focus on staying agile in a gunfight rather than being sneaky. Each warframe has its own set of unique abilities and stats, giving each one a diverse feel from the other. A wide array of weapon types keeps the combat fresh and gives the player a multitude of ways to play. Guns feel impactful, but melee weapons tend to feel a bit floaty. With an astounding amount of different enemy types and bosses, levels can produce a variety of challenges. Theres even a one-on-one PvP feature in which players can duke it out. These are called conclaves and are limited by a point scale to keep players of relatively equal skill fighting against each other. While it is nice to see a human player react with unpredictability, a lot of the AI in the game is very predictable in its actions. Theyre still difficult, but it takes away from any sort of surprise if youve already squared off against that enemy before. Also, it is highly recommended that you play this game with friends and a common goal in mind. It can get stale quickly without those two things. Despite that, theres still an immense amount of fun to be had in Warframes fast-paced shooter action. Warframe is visually stunning. And I dont mean just for a free to play game; this game is gorgeous for any type of game. Theres a great attention to detail. Lighting effects are cinematic. Environments are vibrant with color. However, youll see many of the same settings over and over again. While they are pretty to look at, seeing what seems to be the same map several missions in a row gets very tiring. The slight blur that is created from constant movement will distract from any minor visual flaws  flaws that youll have a hard time finding to begin with. This is actually one of the few games in which Ive fired my weapon solely for the purpose of hearing how it sounds. The guns sound incredibly real and impactful. And even though each gun has its own distinct sound, most of them manage to sound pretty good. It certainly outdoes the gun sounds that are apparent in more successful shooters like Call of Duty. Warframe is just full to the brim with varying types of gear. Warframes, essentially character types, are plentiful and number well into the double digits. Each player has three weapons: a primary, a sidearm, and a melee weapon. There are a multitude of primary weapons, such as rifles, shotguns, bows, and snipers. Sidearms include full auto and semi-auto pistols. Available melee weapons are swords, staves, axes, and more. These weapons can be bought with platinum  the equivalent of real world money  but are also easily obtainable through the in-game currency known as credits. Weapons must be built by first purchasing their blueprints and then having the items required to build it. Items are scattered as drops throughout the planets, and while theyre entirely useless on their own, they can be used in unison to create some really interesting weapons. However, items have build times. Weapons generally take twelve or twenty-four hours, while warframes take a lengthy seventy-two. This can be a bit bothersome to those without patience, but items can be rushed to completion by spending a certain amount of platinum. This gear can also be modded with a plethora of upgrades depending on how the player see fits, resulting in a huge amount of customization. A single weapon can be made to play several different ways depending on the mods the player has installed on it. This creates an experience that truly is different for every player and item. While most free to play games suffer in terms of story and narrative, Warframe actually does a very successful job at this. Well partially. Its narrative is weak and lacks integration into the gameplay. The average player will just plow through the missions without even realizing theres a plot going on. Most of the plot will be found in the Codex, a menu in which players can read up on the lore. It takes a while to uncover, and quite honestly Ive only scratched the surface, but its chock-full of science-fiction goodness. There are questions of morality and the Tennos purpose in the universe. There are references to Dark Sector, proving that the two games exist within the same universe. Its certainly very interesting and easily dominates in a market where story tends to be an afterthought. Another strong point, one where it stands above its competitors in the free to play market, is the incredibly fair balancing of real world and in-game currencies. Almost anything that can be obtained through the cash shop can be found as loot or created via a blueprint. Most of the items that cant be obtained without spending some cash are purely cosmetic, such as color palettes and weapon skins. However, in a game that is so gear-centric, its a shame to see so few free inventory slots given to the players. Even still, prices are pretty reasonable. Shelling out cash doesnt put players too much ahead of others, and the small gaps that do exist can easily be closed by player ability. Its nice to see a free to play game that doesnt put a huge chasm between its paying and non-paying players, and that certainly is a huge advantage for Warframe in its market. One of the biggest drawbacks of Warframe is its perpetual state of open beta. Things can change from patch to patch, whether they be minor updates or huge ones that drastically overhaul something like the UI. This results in a large amount of bugs. Theyre not common and prevalent in every mission, but youre bound to run into them. Fortunately, they tend to stray far from game-breaking and are usually just minor annoyances. Overall, Warframe is a great addition to any collection as it is able to balance fantastic gameplay, gorgeous visuals, impactful sounds, an interesting story, stellar optimization, and a fair currency system. And its free. Did I mention its free? I would like to see more integration of its impressive lore into the gameplay as well as more free inventory slots, but apart from those setbacks it is a great game that should be given a try by anyone who enjoys some fast-paced action. And the reload wheel (as of Update 12) is pretty awesome.
game-hours: 4.8
review: Not a bad game. Once you get into it, its difficult to stop. lots of rolling ;)
game-hours: 5.5
review: Gameplay: 9/10 Sound: 8/10 Graphics: 9/10 Multiplayer: 7/10 Amazing game that is F2P. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 15.5
review: Good game but found it slow to level and had to re-do a lot of areas I was playing. Also found it rather repetitive. Graphics are quite well done. Score: +5 - Average Recommend: To those enjoy these style games, definitely.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Good Game and free
game-hours: 1.4
review: Yep, pretty good!
game-hours: 303.2
review: Game GG , Recommended.
game-hours: 1539.8
review: B) Nice.
game-hours: 183.9
review: Super Sweet 3rd-Person Shooter! Controls and Systems take time to get used to. The Damage System has got a big learning curve, but once you do get it you're basically a god. Almost everything in-game you can build, but there are some things that are exclusively Pay to get. Plus they give you some in-game premium cash when you start up- so all good (it's dirt cheap if you want to buy some more). Online Interactions are pretty O.K. You get a squad most of the time, but you never truly stick with them cause of connection issues. Without a good internet connections, your ethier lagging from your connection or someonelse's. NOTE: You actually need to join a clan to do crap in this game 0.0. Probably cause some weapons are exclusive to clans. The Gameplay gets repetitve after a while, due to the tidous farming and the same mission types over and over again. Though there are a few random events that keep it fresh. The shooting mechanics are....well...... generic shooting mechanincs, nothing really special. Unless of course, you count the warframe abilites. Overall Score: With its fun and social gameplay, and a few minor bugs and problems I give Warframe a 9/10.
game-hours: 396.3
review: Very fun Online Co-Op, very difficult for singleplayer. Its alot more fun when you're playing with friends as opposed to strangers though. Concept-wise/story-wise, its pretty unique and fascinating, as alot of the backstory is left for the player to interpret. Gameplay wise, its a very cool third person shooter and thirdperson melee experience, with special abilities for each individual warframe. Although it uses microtransactions, these are non-essential, and more or less just allow easier/faster access to items you could get through gameplay otherwise. I've been playing since closed beta, and I've watched the game grow and change but have yet to see a change I cannot stand. They seem to update frequently and patch as needed, and have yet to come up with a solid reason to be disappointed by the game or anything in it.
game-hours: 3.2
review: BEst game ever,good meele,nice gun :3,Characters look Sweeeeeeet <3 weldone produers best third person exept gta V. Peace
game-hours: 91.6
review: Warframe changed the way i thought of [free to play Games] (Well Sort of), Having friends who play together using team speak is really Fun & Funny! have to buy blueprint to build your items might take up to days but its worth it! (Unless you wanted to use real money on getting the items fast while supporting the dev to update the game and keep it going) Well, give it a try and play to free up some stress from the real world, Add me up if you need a friend on steam :sfhappy:
game-hours: 281.6
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 2274.7
review: (    ) It's pretty good.
game-hours: 430.1
review: Good day guys. Here is a quick review for warframe. The game is a 3rd person shooter/hack and slash game. Its gameplay is fun and fluid, especially the ability to ninja run on walls. The game's graphic is pretty good. Only thing i dislike about this game is its grinding but thats because its an mmo game xD
game-hours: 133.4
review: Warframe is a F2P third person action shooter that succesffuly destoryed myself and the friends around me lifestyle slowly and it was worth it, instead of studying and doing homework at our school's cafe we decided it would be more fun to play warframe on our crappy college internet connection. I'm thankful that somehow i passed all my college courses barely....... Steps to ruin your school life and life in general 1) Download Warframe 2) Play warframe 3) Don't Study or do Homework 4) Become a "NEET" 5) Dont leave the house unless its for food This method of ruining your social life and your life and general works it happened to me and my friends. P.S I promised my parents I would study this semester
game-hours: 1216.6
review: Its one of the most awesome games ever! Even if you dont spent any real money on if you can still get tons of weapons! If your interested in FPS you just definatly check this out, its free!
game-hours: 206.0
review: Fun game with friends but super grindy and repetitive. Eventually got burned out on it.
game-hours: 533.4
review: Addictive game so far.
game-hours: 177.5
review: I like to slip and slide
game-hours: 0.2
review: i cant play it  this game
game-hours: 102.3
review: its a very nice game but it s a little bit strong
game-hours: 577.1
review: Incredibly fun, although it is repetative, each time you play it feels like a different game.
game-hours: 4.6
review: Ive only just started to play this game ---- Now Sorry for this to sound like a Paid IGN review but its how I feel about the game so far , very fast fluid Combat lots of Customization ,amazing Graphics and most importantly alot of fun its best to play with people/ friends! ((Cap. Obvious here)) on the down side the enemys are really Dull the game can get some what Repetitive with Escort quest , Defend this while wating for that, but dont let that cloud your mind WARFRAME is still an amazing game and if you have the chance defitenly check it out
game-hours: 40.9
review: in hot, laik it
game-hours: 12.2
review: great game but if you have epilepsy dont play this game
game-hours: 2160.8
review: It's alright.
game-hours: 2361.2
review: This game has very satisfying improvements and events. When playing it drives you to think different. Createful battleground and you can specialize almost anything. n this atmosphere you might be remember starwars but no one knows whats coming on to you, soo you have to prepare yourself for harder battles with researching and improving process like ; Here some info to starters Vor? Lotus? hmm Im tenno lotus right, Vor enemy. What Im gonna do now? weapons, warframes, discovering worlds. to get a weapon gotta go to is drop spots. How Im gonna get there? I cant, Im low mastery, should use market to access some medium weapons I get blueprint, now what? ts still there in foundry, I need components to make it, where can I find these? Hmm in starmap or so called navigation console there is component list on every planet I can use the list to find my component farm spot. But its so far that planet I need to go No problemo, Just write to chat recruit tab LF (looking for) Taxi to ..... (planet name) Then someone takes you to somewhere in the planet u wanted to go. After farming components, make ur weapon and level it up in some defence mission. Now Before u building ur warframe, look far all warframes in codex, youtube, warframe wiki Pick 2-3 warframe differently for different missions. Make them in foundry like making weapons When u need a credit Play void missions or dark sector missions(in low tax spots)
game-hours: 99.8
review: I've had Warframe for a long time, but didn't really get into it till September 2014. There are so many things you have to learn and understand at the beginning which makes it a little hard. But once you understand everything, this game is worth your while. Good graphics, good gameplay, a whole ton of missions and planets to explore, I recommend Warframe anyday 8.4/10
game-hours: 384.3
review: good game ever
game-hours: 280.5
review: Very good game
game-hours: 327.5
review: Progressing through the game by doing same  over and over again, expecting you'll get some rare mod. When you get that rare mode, you do the same  over and over again to get more rare mods. It sounds linear and boring but it's not. They update the game pretty ofter, and when they update you can do same   over and over again expecting you'll get that new rare mod. 10/10 Would do over and over again.
game-hours: 1767.8
review: A++++ game
game-hours: 50.6
review: Warframe is game that makes other FPS look inferior, it's supposedly set in the future, where Tenno Soldiers fight Grineer Marines, for absolutely no unkown reason ; possibly the soverignity of the solar system. The game is also supported by microtransactions via steam. DLC from the game is ridiculous, the more you pay, the more stronger and better you are, but unless you actually put in time and effort to get the same results as the p2winners. Overall, Warframe can be naturally seen as a fps and p2w game, this game actually seemed more new, unlike the other modern-day fps like black ops. Although the game can be seen as a p2w, rarely any time and effort needs to be put in to acquire better eqiupment since materials for blueprints are fairly easy to get. I rate this 7/10 or 70%
game-hours: 2854.8
review: Can be a very grindy game but the artstyle is amazing. Definitly give it a try if u want to be a space ninja!
game-hours: 227.2
review: A mind numbing 3rd person shooter with rpg elements. 6.5/10 watch my review for more:
game-hours: 537.0
review: It's pretty good.
game-hours: 155.1
review: This game is the shiz, if you haven't tried it yet, you may as well crawl behind the couch, curl into the fetal position, and die of boredom *Edit This game actually just sucks now. Like it used to be annoying that you had to wait a week for every new item you grinded for, but now its exactly the same but with 50 new things to wait 50 more weeks for.
game-hours: 598.9
review: Fantastic. One of the best F2P shooters I have ever played, and one of the most rewarding.
game-hours: 1380.1
review: Tis be a great game
game-hours: 45.8
review: can use ninja skills to troll 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 75.4
review: NEUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODES!
game-hours: 81.6
review: Great game and it is free so give it a shot! You play as one of the Tenno and you use a Warframe (there are quite a few, but you get to choose one out of a few for free from the start). You take on various kinds of enemy factions (Grineer, Corpus, Infected) in different kinds of missions given to you by Lotus, more or less the leader of the Tenno, across many planets. You can unlock more planets as you accomplish certain goals. On top of that there is a place called the Void that is quite difficult and requires a key to enter (4 tiers of difficulty). In the void you have the potential to unlock special items only obtainable there that both look better and function better than their normal counterparts. These are "Prime" items. The combat is quite good and fast paced, and it's all in third-person. Though fairly straight forward, it isn't necessarily easy. You'll want to move around a lot which can take some getting use to (as a Tenno you can be very acrobatic). You have a health bar and a shield bar, as well as energy which is used up when you use your Warframe's skills. As you play you gather materials which allow you to build new weapons of which there are many types (primary, secondary, melee, and subtypes of those), as well as companions (sentinels which are floating little weaponized creatures, and kubrow which are a lot like dogs), and new warframes (basically your battlesuit) for you to use, which each have their own unique appearance and skills. There is also something called an archwing that allows you to do an entirely new kind of mission where instead of running around in a ship or on a planet, you can fly though space killing your enemies. Spaaaaaaaaaace. In addition to building things, you can get a lot of drops called Mods. There is a massive amount of different mods out there. Mods can be used to improve your Warframe, all of your weapons, and your companions. As you level your gear up you can equip more mods. You can also sell mods, fuse many mods into one to increase it's effect (best of the three options), or fuse many mods together to gain one random better mod. In addition to all of that you can buy quite a few cosmetic things as well. For your Warframe, your weapons, your companions, and even your ship Liset. Your ship Liset is quite important. It's your hub for access to the market, codex, syndicates, foundry, arsenal, and more. The game allows you to join or create a clan which gives you access to a clan dojo, where you can gain access to many useful things over time (there's even a sentinel, the Djinn, that can only be gained by owning a clan dojo and building a bio-lab). You build various rooms with materials, and anyone in the clan can contribute. There also are factions you can join that are either broken off from the Grineer, Corpus and Tenno, or are something entirely unrelated to them. These factions are the Steel Meridian, Arbiters of Hexis, Cephalon Suda, The Perrin Sequence, Red Veil, and New Loka. They all have different standings with each other (Allied, Opposed, and Enemy) and you can join as many as you want. By helping them, you can gain special rewards only obtainable through them. However be aware that be helping some, your reputation can go down with others. And by joining syndicates, there is a chance that very difficult enemies can spawn in and attack you. There is also another powerful enemy that has a chance to spawn in and attack you called the Stalker. This enemy is attracted by killing bosses. The more bosses you kill, the more of a chance it has to spawn in future missions. Great game. Download for free and get your friends in on it. There's much more I could discuss but I've already written a massive amount, so find out for yourself!
game-hours: 229.5
review: NINJA OWN THE GALAXY GO!!! NINJA GO!!! THIS IS WARFRAME!!! AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 1074.5
review: Sure Its an awsome game once you get started, but if you start playing it for as long as I have...Well prepare for the most repetitive game of your life.
game-hours: 51.3
review: game save your life while you can
game-hours: 1176.8
review: IM ADDICTED HALP
game-hours: 231.0
review: Play Ninjas for Free,! Enough Said.
game-hours: 967.5
review: Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ing mission... over and over again expecting...  that you want to drop/show up... That. Is. Warframe. The first time somebody told me that, I dunno, I thought they were ting me, so, I keep farming. The thing is... He was right. And then I started seeing, everywhere I looked, everywhere I looked all these ing , everywhere I looked, doing exact same missions... over and over and over and over again thinking "this time is gonna be different" no, no, no please... This time is gonna be different, I'm sorry, I don't like... The way... ... you are reading this review... Okay, Do you have a ing problem in your head, do you think I am ting you, do you think I am lying?  you! Okay?  you!... It's okay, man. I'm gonna chill, tenno. I'm gonna chill... The thing is... Alright, the thing is I reviewed this once already... and it's not like I am ing crazy. It's okay... It's like pressing 4 in Draco, Ceres. Did I ever tell you the definition... of insanity?
game-hours: 5.6
review: Fun Online game to play with friends. Costs for free and is definitely worth getting.
game-hours: 3175.1
review: This is the best Scify game i have ever seen, the graphics are awsome, i really recomend it, and it's free. It just take 3 gbs, but is still awsome, i don't think anybody could give a negative to this game, YOU SHOULD GET IT NOW.
game-hours: 81.6
review: Great game and it is free so give it a shot! You play as one of the Tenno and you use a Warframe (there are quite a few, but you get to choose one out of a few for free from the start). You take on various kinds of enemy factions (Grineer, Corpus, Infected) in different kinds of missions given to you by Lotus, more or less the leader of the Tenno, across many planets. You can unlock more planets as you accomplish certain goals. On top of that there is a place called the Void that is quite difficult and requires a key to enter (4 tiers of difficulty). In the void you have the potential to unlock special items only obtainable there that both look better and function better than their normal counterparts. These are "Prime" items. The combat is quite good and fast paced, and it's all in third-person. Though fairly straight forward, it isn't necessarily easy. You'll want to move around a lot which can take some getting use to (as a Tenno you can be very acrobatic). You have a health bar and a shield bar, as well as energy which is used up when you use your Warframe's skills. As you play you gather materials which allow you to build new weapons of which there are many types (primary, secondary, melee, and subtypes of those), as well as companions (sentinels which are floating little weaponized creatures, and kubrow which are a lot like dogs), and new warframes (basically your battlesuit) for you to use, which each have their own unique appearance and skills. There is also something called an archwing that allows you to do an entirely new kind of mission where instead of running around in a ship or on a planet, you can fly though space killing your enemies. Spaaaaaaaaaace. In addition to building things, you can get a lot of drops called Mods. There is a massive amount of different mods out there. Mods can be used to improve your Warframe, all of your weapons, and your companions. As you level your gear up you can equip more mods. You can also sell mods, fuse many mods into one to increase it's effect (best of the three options), or fuse many mods together to gain one random better mod. In addition to all of that you can buy quite a few cosmetic things as well. For your Warframe, your weapons, your companions, and even your ship Liset. Your ship Liset is quite important. It's your hub for access to the market, codex, syndicates, foundry, arsenal, and more. The game allows you to join or create a clan which gives you access to a clan dojo, where you can gain access to many useful things over time (there's even a sentinel, the Djinn, that can only be gained by owning a clan dojo and building a bio-lab). You build various rooms with materials, and anyone in the clan can contribute. There also are factions you can join that are either broken off from the Grineer, Corpus and Tenno, or are something entirely unrelated to them. These factions are the Steel Meridian, Arbiters of Hexis, Cephalon Suda, The Perrin Sequence, Red Veil, and New Loka. They all have different standings with each other (Allied, Opposed, and Enemy) and you can join as many as you want. By helping them, you can gain special rewards only obtainable through them. However be aware that be helping some, your reputation can go down with others. And by joining syndicates, there is a chance that very difficult enemies can spawn in and attack you. There is also another powerful enemy that has a chance to spawn in and attack you called the Stalker. This enemy is attracted by killing bosses. The more bosses you kill, the more of a chance it has to spawn in future missions. Great game. Download for free and get your friends in on it. There's much more I could discuss but I've already written a massive amount, so find out for yourself!
game-hours: 967.5
review: Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ing mission... over and over again expecting...  that you want to drop/show up... That. Is. Warframe. The first time somebody told me that, I dunno, I thought they were ting me, so, I keep farming. The thing is... He was right. And then I started seeing, everywhere I looked, everywhere I looked all these ing , everywhere I looked, doing exact same missions... over and over and over and over again thinking "this time is gonna be different" no, no, no please... This time is gonna be different, I'm sorry, I don't like... The way... ... you are reading this review... Okay, Do you have a ing problem in your head, do you think I am ting you, do you think I am lying?  you! Okay?  you!... It's okay, man. I'm gonna chill, tenno. I'm gonna chill... The thing is... Alright, the thing is I reviewed this once already... and it's not like I am ing crazy. It's okay... It's like pressing 4 in Draco, Ceres. Did I ever tell you the definition... of insanity?
game-hours: 1380.1
review: Tis be a great game
game-hours: 676.5
review: I barely played this. Good fun though.
game-hours: 1598.3
review: Warframe: The game about rocket launcher wielding space ninjas. So much potential for awesome. Unfortunately this game just constantly shows the problems in random number generators. Hunting for specific mods, weapons and Warframes for months on end that you may never get does get irritating after a while. Currently all there is to do in this game is grind. Then grind some more after that. There isn't really any end game, nothing to do once you've sunk 500+ hours into the game and have your preferred loadout. I really like this game but until it has that something to keep you going once you have everything you want, it's hard to keep playing it. Grinding the same missions on the same tilesets over and over or attempting to aim for leaderboards that refresh every week on Defense or Survival gets old quite fast. Also try to find people to play with, grouping up with randoms will lead to frustration quite fast. That being said, it is space ninjas with rocket launchers. RNG is a thing in nearly all games, though some have ways to guarantee you'll get what you need, and hopefully adding some meaningful end-game isn't too far off. Might as well give it a try.
game-hours: 1780.3
review: Yes.
game-hours: 97.2
review: pre good
game-hours: 2061.5
review: Basically the best F2P MMO shooter nowdays with decent graphics, original design, fair donation politics(everything apart from cosmetics can be farmed without donations) and regular updates with new contents. p.s. game about space ninjas in distant future, what else did u ever want?
game-hours: 35.2
review: The new update is amazing. Play it and your world will forever change.
game-hours: 102.4
review: Nice story a like it, but obvious you gotta play the whole game for the rest of it... anyway my stuff towards this game. Now it offers you some PvP, PvE co-op,(tons of missiosns on different planets).. and intense shooting, I mean EVERY mission has got plenty of waves to keep you entertained, VERY fun. *SOME complaints and bugs/things that need to be fixed* ------------------------------------------------------------ Yes i understand this is a BETA game its bran new, and they've done a good job, gameplay is perfect right now for me (I need to play more if i want to find any faults in gameplay). So cuz its BETA its got some unfreindly  going on. A BIG problem i find is that you cant play from steam, (when I try to, play from steam it downloads and on finishing says, some content of  cannot be downloaded on our servers) ANYWAY it only works if u download from website. Can anyone report that if YOU experience it, BETA games need YOU to report problems so then it ends from BETA. AAAANYYYYWWWAAAYYYY, so thanks for reading this load of  i just wrote, i wasted my time but at the end i hoped anyone will benefit somewhat(?) from this. comment is always appreciated! ........... ...................__ .............//'...'/` ........../'/.../..../......./\ ........('(.......... ~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _. ............\..............( BRO... NO REALY I MEAN IT TY FOR GIVING A  ABOT DIS TEXT! .........:*.. ....................DAMN i added too much  for a JUST ONE review 9this is my first too! Dx9 ....
game-hours: 384.3
review: good game ever
game-hours: 47.7
review: Love it Rate it 10/10 Fun To Play alot of Action In Co-op and Single Play You Sould Come Join me ! :D
game-hours: 1.7
review: spacey
game-hours: 96.8
review: A unique take on FPS and stealth gampelay. Highly reccomend to fans of either genre!
game-hours: 1427.5
review: If I had to sum-up Warframe in one word: Tech-ninja. It does not get better than that. Guns, swords, and endless carnage. A few glitches here and there, but the gameplay is nonetheless fantastic. Third-person, over-the-shoulder shooter where you take control of a suit capable of providing endless entertainment filled with bullets, gore, and flying limbs. And on top of all that, wall-running, wall-climbing, wall-jumping. And what makes this game even more fantastic is that no matter what playstyle you prefer, be it stealth, tanking, or getting in their faces guns and swords flashing, there is a warframe with your name on it. There are also weapons that complement any playstyle. All-in-all, great game with lots of potential.
game-hours: 137.0
review: Want dual pistols? : ^) 1. Buy a blueprint for a pistol -> 12 hours 2. Buy a blueprint for that same pistol -> 12 hours 3. Buy a blueprint to put these 2 pistols together -> 12 hours -----> 36 hours of pure bliss I r8 this game 8/8
game-hours: 1074.5
review: Sure Its an awsome game once you get started, but if you start playing it for as long as I have...Well prepare for the most repetitive game of your life.
game-hours: 51.3
review: game save your life while you can
game-hours: 327.5
review: Progressing through the game by doing same  over and over again, expecting you'll get some rare mod. When you get that rare mode, you do the same  over and over again to get more rare mods. It sounds linear and boring but it's not. They update the game pretty ofter, and when they update you can do same   over and over again expecting you'll get that new rare mod. 10/10 Would do over and over again.
game-hours: 630.6
review: Oh, so I heard you want to know the definition of insanity? Well... play this game. Don't forget your real life, by the way.
game-hours: 1495.5
review: one more mission couldn't hurt...
game-hours: 7.0
review: 5 Reasons on why you should play Warframe 1. Ninjas 2. Explosions 3. Guns 4. Its free 5. ITS FREE
game-hours: 6.7
review: Ive had this game for a day and can hardly put it down. The game mechanics and controls are very good and allow for a emersive experience into the game. If you like third person action adventure shanking gameplay, get this game
game-hours: 352.5
review: One of the best free to play games
game-hours: 79.6
review: me friend and me are wike good at gmea and we wike are killung theez peeple and wike got killd buy wike this wike fing and we wike went bake and killd it.
game-hours: 394.1
review: I hope this game will sell millions of copy even though it is free. XD
game-hours: 164.4
review: It's just a grindfest with repetitive missions. They have literally the worst experience for new players, you literally have no idea of what to do, but yes, they explain controls because that's what the people never gets  . Also the devs are no longer doing the things right, every update gets people to rage and stop playing the game. Don't be fooled by the reputation the game got in the past, it's pay2play since you need loads of slots to properly play the game. If you try to grid your way up you'll need at least 60 h of gameplay to already start playing the things that are worth farming. The game it's repetitive with only like 6 types of missions, and it gets worse later on (void). The frames can be fun sometimes but there are only 5 types: useless trash, fast ones (volt), mages (ember, nova), tanks (trinity-godmode, rhino) and nekros (also called the loot bot because you live to spam 3). So yeah, repetitive gameplay. Conclussion: play this if you can't afford to buy a game AND you are REALLY bored. Otherwise skip.
game-hours: 21.2
review: So Warframe. A game where you're a space ninja fighting off stupid robot things while grinding like  to get upgrades and better weapons. Although the game can be fun at times it can get really repetitive really fast. A lot of the missions are rehashes of other missions with minor changes to the layout or enemy placement. And speaking of enemies the AI is not good in this game. Stealthing is very easy as the range of vision isn't far and they don't detect sound making it almost too easy. Also they don't seem to dodge too much and will only move side to side when getting shot at making them a little easy to hit. The grinding is just hell. You will spend hours upon hours just to unlock a new weapon or certain upgrades. Although this may seem fine at first glance it will get tedious as time goes on. If you're into that then good for you but I, for one, am not. The controls are a small complaint for me as they feel awkward and sometimes unresponsive at times. Some controls feel awkwardly placed and some take a lot of time to get used to. Some will argue that it's a free game and that a lot of this stuff doesn't matter. Sure you think that but for me it just isn't a game that I took enjoyment in playing. Recent updates have added interesting things but not enough to keep me playing. It's an average game that has a lot of wasted potential and falls short with heavy grindfests, at times awkward controls and heavy repetitiveness. This game gets a 6/10 from me. You may disagree and think this game's really good and that's great you enjoy but I found no such enjoyment.
game-hours: 17.4
review: Great game! A lot of fun and very creative! Plenty of options and a huge variety of places and missions!
game-hours: 65.7
review: Jumpy slidy ninja simulator with parkour elements, where you can slice humans. 10/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 1089.0
review: Fun game, but the downside is that you have to put in a lot of hours, and the repetitiveness of the levels would eventually dull one's senses. Yes, there is a PvP game mode, but rarely are people logged in there, plus, you don't get to use all your abilities and items obtained from grinding in there. You play with a skeleton warframe. Defeats the purpose of getting abilities and items in the first place. There should be more of a storyline too. One of the perks is that the community is friendly and players are always willing to help one another progress through the game.
game-hours: 7.2
review: 2 words download now, this game is badass you can use guns and blades this game is free and cool so why would you not get this game, why the hell are you still reading this go get the game !
game-hours: 124.9
review: An Awesome game to jam with your friends i love it swords,bows and all techy stuff for a free game its a bargain!
game-hours: 114.9
review: Warframe addresses the issue of the racism back in 1960s in America. Warframe does a wonderful job compelling the player to explore new adventures with nothing but African descendants in his mind. Saryn is a great addition to the game, showing that reptiles can also have fun with nothing more than a whim on a stick and 13 platinum. I would rate warframe 16.3/20. Great game that is totally worth the 60 bucks.
game-hours: 35.7
review: Yo went on that steam' downloaded this game'. Pretty good you got a team' and a great name' . Just cus its free' don't mean anything' . -Warframe. Great graphics' great quality' . Better than bi-o-logy. You needa beast call me. Rather than that follow me . You'll see me slayin. Its a game . But nah im not gamin . I aint playin. This is real life , real skill, real war. No gears. Just Warriors . Fightin' through every interior . Fightin to survive! We are the Grineer. Be a Lotus , download this.
game-hours: 416.5
review: Been here since the Alpha, and even still I believe this to be the best free to play game concept on the market. Some growing pains as we test new theories and practices but all in all the game is truly coming to be something that will set the standard for all the future games of this Genre to follow. Well done Warframe.
game-hours: 182.7
review: Great game with co-op story mission modes which is kind of hard to find in FPS nowadays. The PVP has serious balancing issues but overall the gameplay is fun and reminds me of Uncharted 2 combat. Would be nice if they eventually explain the lore a bit more.
game-hours: 4746.6
review: Toooo many hours spent and as much as i want to leave the game i can't help but come back for "one last fight" but it seems no matter what i do there is never a last fight. sure it can be repetitive - it can be annoying - it can suck all of your time up but hey its free, and pretty decent so go pick up yor sword, ninja up and go kill somethin.
game-hours: 7.2
review: 2 words download now, this game is badass you can use guns and blades this game is free and cool so why would you not get this game, why the hell are you still reading this go get the game !
game-hours: 124.9
review: An Awesome game to jam with your friends i love it swords,bows and all techy stuff for a free game its a bargain!
game-hours: 114.9
review: Warframe addresses the issue of the racism back in 1960s in America. Warframe does a wonderful job compelling the player to explore new adventures with nothing but African descendants in his mind. Saryn is a great addition to the game, showing that reptiles can also have fun with nothing more than a whim on a stick and 13 platinum. I would rate warframe 16.3/20. Great game that is totally worth the 60 bucks.
game-hours: 35.7
review: Yo went on that steam' downloaded this game'. Pretty good you got a team' and a great name' . Just cus its free' don't mean anything' . -Warframe. Great graphics' great quality' . Better than bi-o-logy. You needa beast call me. Rather than that follow me . You'll see me slayin. Its a game . But nah im not gamin . I aint playin. This is real life , real skill, real war. No gears. Just Warriors . Fightin' through every interior . Fightin to survive! We are the Grineer. Be a Lotus , download this.
game-hours: 416.5
review: Been here since the Alpha, and even still I believe this to be the best free to play game concept on the market. Some growing pains as we test new theories and practices but all in all the game is truly coming to be something that will set the standard for all the future games of this Genre to follow. Well done Warframe.
game-hours: 329.1
review: A buggy Grindfest made by developers with no idea what they're doing or how to balance anything. 10/10 would grind for hours again.
game-hours: 28.0
review: AN AWESOME GAME PLAY THE GAME
game-hours: 261.6
review: Good if you want to waste some time, but a warning : it really depends on it's premium currency.
game-hours: 1598.0
review: this game is full of color and freedom things like this you dont get in a T.P.S
game-hours: 3.2
review: 13% aggy 87% ci-fi
game-hours: 98.2
review: is a gam abot spac ninjas but the gam is like rely spacey so u dun even notic ur a nenje untl u do a bakflip and break ur nek and cry rely slowly becus its rely trying to make ur mexicans eat baguettes without takin a pop on ur computer and crashing it k is gud gam
game-hours: 1.8
review: its okay 10/10 -ign
game-hours: 1048.8
review: ...
game-hours: 1147.0
review: Alright, Playing warframe is like having a daughter. You HAVE to give her money, or else she starts throwing glitter in your face. You love her so much, but she asks for money, and you have none. So you get a face full of glitter. It gets old after a while, but gets fun again with each phase. 11/10, would play.
game-hours: 6.8
review: De la
game-hours: 266.5
review: IMMA NINJA!
game-hours: 1630.9
review: BNM,KLUYHTGDFSVBNM,KLLKFTDRFSDAZCXVBNM,.-POIUYTSDZCXVBNM,.POIUYTRESADXCVBNM,.LPPOIUYTRDSACXVMLNB,MKJIOEPRLTY,MKOPLDFS,CVKMJBIHGKOPLSD,CVKJIBGHOPLE,ADKSOXVBMKGJHOYTREXVGJPHGD
game-hours: 37.9
review: Fun game I kill bad guys n' stuff.
game-hours: 1584.8
review: As i have played more than 1800 hours (800 on steam and 1000 otherwise ) and i can say that this game limits my social life i dont go out much now ,i bailout my friends to play this , i only go outside when i have to work and sometimes days are like that i took day off or half day from work just to play this beacuse any event or any new update is going on ,so overall i have really good experience with this game plus this game is my first coop mutiplayer so i m gonna always love this game no matter what
game-hours: 67.7
review: Oh god do I love this game. It's intuitive, it's creative, it's easy to get into but rewarding and hard to master, and so, so unbelievably fun. This game is free2play, but it's not pay2win. Yes, it's grindy, grindy, grindy, and a lot of reliance on RNG, but there is basically nothing in-game that is off limits without paying, with the exception of various cosmetics. And yes, of course, if you're lazy you can buy all your favourite things with real world money, but where's the fun in that? TL;DR: This is one of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 95.9
review: 9/11 would bomb again.
game-hours: 860.5
review: This game is good try it out
game-hours: 28.4
review: Downloaded it 2 days ago played more than 24 hours.
game-hours: 1459.2
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 603.0
review: its good
game-hours: 63.1
review: did a flip 10/10 would flip again
game-hours: 214.2
review: Extremly addictive, fun and original. The gameplay and combat system are very fluid. The variety of weapons, waframes and mods lets you chose the play style you like ; straight up in your face, stealthy, support or tactical are some examples. Getting the components to craft items takes a while. It really is a grind to get better weapons or warframes. Wich personally i really like. In my opinion this game has the best pay to win system of any F2P game. Instead of having to pay cash to get extremly good gear that you coudn't get without paying (like most F2P games), Paying just lets you get the item immediatly instead of grinding to get the components to craft it. Or you could buy colours or different heads and such to customize your character. An extremly great F2P game, that I would gladly pay 60$ for.
game-hours: 42.9
review: I love this game
game-hours: 169.3
review: NOT THEIF HOO HAH HOO HOO HAY
game-hours: 119.5
review: love it and f2p try it out thrid person shooter with lots of missions
game-hours: 502.9
review: in this third person co-op sci-fi butter-me-up-scotty developed by my bowls knicker doo ca chu i es the walrus hue hue hue;is an incredibly apple-y taste-er-ing-est-ter-moo orange-est made of AAUUEEGHH WITH THE TOP HAT engine.fueled by the tears of orphans,but it's okay because they are jewish orphans. in the end i must say that PENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENIS
game-hours: 15.6
review: wow such war many frames
game-hours: 271.7
review: This needs bigger bosses and new people to be shooting at and more custom modding/other thoughts needs more dogie
game-hours: 123.9
review: Warframe is pretty, cool, and with the more recent updates including a more advanced melee combat system, it's even better. There's always something that keeps me coming back!
game-hours: 0.1
review: _Game
game-hours: 642.6
review: For anyone that loves a high, action packed game.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Sliced an aliens nuts off, assuming they were nuts 10/10
game-hours: 6.6
review: This game is full of hard  10/10 masta pece ign lumanitee confermd 420 shrekit (   )
game-hours: 1.5
review: 10/10 best crash simulator
game-hours: 324.9
review: Grinded more than a South american hooker and still havent got enough shark heads. 8/8 M8-IGN
game-hours: 0.2
review: Yes.
game-hours: 1511.6
review: "I've spent too many hours of my life on a game thats so repetitive, and yet still amazing at the same time." ~8/10 would go to war in a frame again
game-hours: 409.8
review: Great game for people with alot of time.
game-hours: 248.2
review: Pro tip from someone that plays these game for a year.. USE THE LIFE SUPPORT WHEN IT'S LOWER 30%.. Thank you new players
game-hours: 350.9
review: it be aight
game-hours: 0.6
review: Warframe has great graphics, good controls for doing lots of parkour, heaps of levels and tons of  to find. These things make it one of the best free to play games I've ever played. Although.... It trys to prromote teamwork,but finding a group is can be a nightmare sometimes and then once you do there is hardly any co-ordination, communication or teamwork involved. It seems that you just go with other players to finish harder levels because their really hard solo. There is also an extreme variety of warframes each with its own play style and powers and lots of weapons with different stats. However almot all of these require premium credits which can almost never be found in the actual game, which makes it all seem pay2win and then buying the blueprints requires you to spend hours searching planets for all the parts and then extra time to actually craft the item.
game-hours: 16.0
review: There's some [known] issue with the launcher, where it can not or will not connect to the content servers to inniate a download of updated content, which renders the game completely unplayable. I've downloaded the game twice and have been unable to even get past the broken launch frame. Unfortunate. At least I didn't pay for this game.
game-hours: 0.6
review: After the general fun of the combat wore off, I started dedicating a lot of time to "min/maxing" my warframe and sentinel with mods - however, the developers repeatedly changed the game mechanics (stamina change, frames and sentinels sharing mods change) in ways that screwed me over or left me far behind in progress from where I was right before the game update. Now that the game is a stable release, this may not be a problem anymore, but it left a strong sour taste in my mouth. Even with this fact aside, it takes an extraordinary amount of time and luck to get better gear/items. In many games, you get small stat increases at relatively frequent intervals, or relatively frequent gear drops. Although I think the weapons are supposed to be sidegrades, the expensive and high-rank weapons are much better, albeit somewhat more situational, than the defaults. It takes a lot of materials to build weapons, and a lot of luck to get certain blueprint parts to drop from missions. These add up to a very grindy game with very slow progression.
game-hours: 208.9
review: Ok, so let me start off by saying, No this is not apay to play game you can get almost all the items in the game for free in the sense of federal funds. Ill decide to start with the bad news oabout this game. Bad Things~ 1.Map systems are TERRIBLE -half the time you wont even know where the exit is on an infestation level . 2.Wait time for the RIDICULOUS amount of timeit takes to make practically anything. -Basicly explains itself but its cheap way how they get money [get ready to empty your wallet to speed up things] 3.Its a GLITCHFEST -you will run into at least 10 glitches in one week of playing I would let this pass since its f2p and th illt constantly update it to fix them but they are countless and its going a while till they perfect everything. Good things~ 1.Beautiful Graphics (given you've got a good enough pc) -The graphics and colour variations are great epeacially with colour correction on. 2.Gameplay -this is definatly a given since you probably know by now a game with space ninjas and guns each with various powers and customizable looks to boost morale and overall expirience is very good. 3.Constant Updates -This game recives tons of updates so many that you should never really grow bored with the game (given you arent still starter and dont know what to do like i was i reccomend looking at Mogamu and some of the guides very helpful)
game-hours: 492.1
review: Overal this is a decent game but itdefinatly could use some work add me if you want to discuss it further in depth.
game-hours: 142.0
review: if you like grinding, ninjas, bows, kunais, and swords then play this game pls
game-hours: 3.6
review: I was going to complain about the unclear level layout, the need to pay for customisation and repetitive feel about the game But then again, it is free, so it was well worth the 0.00 I payed for it
game-hours: 27.9
review: no
game-hours: 4.8
review: grindframe artificial difficulty galore, hack and slash with crap weapons,  guns, pre-render trailers that don't show how the game works, come all, come on, for a grindfest of unparallelled proportions, with crap voice acting,  designs, and flashy animations and effects, if you're shallow and want to grind, this game is for you, if you want something tasteful with an actual story and challenge, this is not for you stay away
game-hours: 5.2
review: Mass Effect 3 multiplayer with a cash shop. If you enjoy grinding the same thing over and over for days, weeks or years on end then you might enjoy this game. For me it was about as engaging as being force-fed a bucket of pickled dingleberries.
game-hours: 1952.6
review: Minimum viable product. It's gameplay reflects this quality. What gameplay is there you might ask? Oh just some grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind. I forgot to mention the developers of this game are utterly inept. The sky is blue, water is wet, code is sleek, scott is fat, and this game is garbage. There you go. Edit: posterity
game-hours: 375.6
review: Grind, grind, grind, grind. Grind. Grind, grind. Grind-grind. Grind? Grind.
game-hours: 562.9
review: Grind To Win that's all
game-hours: 137.8
review: THIS GAME IS LIKE ITS LIKE HALO ONLY ITS NOT YOU SHOOT THE BAD GUYS, AND THEN YOU WIN! CONGRATULATION! you play with 4 random people and go through missions, so its loads of fun~! 12 out of 10
game-hours: 478.1
review: This game is awesome, the developers are very user-friendly (even if you play as F2P you can get everything except skins (it does not include Prime Warframes which are elite version of character, the real-money platinum is very cheap and there are sometimes events where you can get it w/o much effort)). However this game is little recursive, you can feel bored sometimes, but if you like the concept of galaxy wars this game should never make you bored. Grinding in this game is like other dimension of grind-based games; Still - you are looking for resources to build you weapon, but you will know how much time it will take, you will find awesome graphic effects (check Frost). I remember when I was playing Volt warframe, defense mission as my team were dying as hell and I had only time for using my speed skill to be EVERYWHERE EVERYTIME to revive them (Volt is not support, but with his abilities it can really save the ). Team composition changes everything in this game
game-hours: 317.9
review: This is a kickass free to play game. Basically space ninjas. Pretty kickass.
game-hours: 843.5
review: Best game evar 10/10
game-hours: 9.4
review: You are a space ninja. What more could you want?
game-hours: 2.2
review: Good game to play as if you're really a ninja in the world. -Good graphics (Not a graphics person but this got my approval) -Good gameplay. -Good Accuracy. -Good Animations -You see bugs sometimes but it doesn't bother you. i would rate it 9/10
game-hours: 95.2
review: I like how the game was designed. 10/10
game-hours: 22.2
review: i think that warframe is such a good game but they need it to be able to be played on Mac
game-hours: 4.8
review: I get to be an alien space ninja who kills alien space terrorists 11/10
game-hours: 564.1
review: IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO IMO Warframe is a third-person hack&slash game developed by Digital Extremes. It features combat which, easily master throws a twist of interesting game play. Warframe is great when handling lore, people that lore such as myself will love Warframes background story. Game play is broken into parts. First the casual, at-times boring missions, these tedious missions are to grind for Credits (In-game currency) and other Materials to build weapons and warframes. Warframe's true prime is shown in High level defence or survival; this is the bread and butter of Warframe. Challenging in either the sheer output of the enemies or the tactical play of your oxygen supplies or defence positioning. Warframes absolute best attribute, its strong community scene and a strong relation with the Developers such as Steve, Scott and Rebecca to name a few, consistent bug, content and other updates/patches with weekly live streams with four-five lead developers talking about Warframe and the upcoming updates and ideas, taking question, all live on twitch. Warframes payment system runs by something called Platinum or Plat for short. Weapons range in prices but very few weapons are locked be hide a pay wall. Warframes are also in the same handled similar. So are Sentinels. Warframe has a trading system. Many player trade Platinum that they traded for or bought for in-games items not available on the market such as specific mods. These can then be traded with the use a Trading post which you must be in a clan which has built one otherwise you will have to be invited to their dojo to trade. However a lack of a dedicated websites to host trading and deals such as Team Fortress 2s Outpost leaves Warframe player to scream into chat, most are forgotten as the trade moves at an alarming rate. Ah whole systems such as Team Fortress 2s Outpost should be implemented into the Warframe site or a 3rd party developer should invest time into making one. Warframe is a game which caters to new and veteran players alike; bring a fun but extremely casual game play experience to the table. The lack of interesting game play innovations is Warframe glaring downfall; this severely limits the replay-ability for extensive play sessions. Un-doubtable an amazing concept to a devolvement team that have proven themselves more than just avid programmers. Thank you very much to Digital Extremes for making Warframe. Thank you very much for reading my full review of Warframe.
game-hours: 23.6
review: Gorgeous paints for your character
game-hours: 45.3
review: this game i so amazing it does require a lot of skill but it is so fun especially with friends and i HIGHLY recomend you get it
game-hours: 149.0
review: All you need to know about Warframe is that you can slice enemies to small chunks, make a clan citadel, 90% of the things people pay for are obtainable via gameplay, and that its in space. Ninjas in space. gun wielding ninjas space. Plus some levels look like big business buildings so you can imagine your slicing your way through Apple employees and stoping world domination.
game-hours: 81.8
review: This is one of the best things that ever happened in my life. This is a great game if you have a friend or playing solo. It has a great coop system and xp system. At first i thought wow, this is a pay to win game, but it's not. You should give this a game a try and this is why i give it a 5
game-hours: 18.8
review: This is game is SURPRISING for a F2P The graphics are just amazing,I thought this would turn out to be a P2W but it has 0 aspects of that,One of the best games i've every played. 10/10
game-hours: 11.7
review: The Bomb
game-hours: 406.5
review: Very awesome game ! I totally recommend it ! The combat is also very interesting and the parkour. Never had the chance to complete a mission in stealth mode but I am still trying. I give this game 10/10 ~!
game-hours: 91.9
review: I like being a robot. I like being a ninja this game lets me do both 11/10 its okay
game-hours: 47.9
review: This game is a third-person, pvp, pve, shooter type game where you develop your character, max that character, get a new character, max that character, find the most op character, max it out, max your weapon, find the most up weapons, max those out, then make a doge (kubrow). I can easily say doing all that takes time and effort, Or you can pay for it like a little . I would give this game an 7.5/10 due to the content it provides. -You can farm for items, which gets really repitive, but they put different maps in for the same mission so you can never really get to tired of it. -You can trade which makes somethings easier to get than others. -Characters are easily customizable as well as the assortment of weapons you can get. -The variety of missions always keeps things interesting. -The variety of character can satisfy everyone, there is a tank, a medic, a stealth character, and many more that fit the type of gameplay you want to have. -It is fun and exciting an think everyone should try it out. :D *Some of the bad things about the game are that you can pay to win, but you can get those items through time so I won't complain about that.
game-hours: 8.2
review: great game overall..just wish i didnt lag when people come in ,
game-hours: 63.9
review: Wanna be space ninja? this is ur chance... :D
game-hours: 186.1
review: This game is great. I meen your a space ninja. A SPACE NINJA. YOU GO ROUND KILLIN ALIENS IN COOL SUTES(Warframes) THAT HAVE UNSTOPABLE POWER!! YOUR GUNS CAN BE MODDED TO BE AS OP AS YOU LIKE!!!!!!!!! THIS GAME EVEN HAS THE FLOOD (Not what its called but if your a halo fan you can see it point blank that its the flood.) TO TOP IT ALL OFF ITS NOT PAY TO WIN!!!! AND YOU CAN MAKE YOUR MONEY!!!! SO IF YOU DONT LIKE SPENDING IRL MONEY JUST GO FARM MODS AND SELL THEM!!! Oh and before i forget to tell you YOUR A SPACE NINJA!!!!!! ILL SAY IT AGAIN A SPACE NINJA!!!!!! MASTER CHEIF HAS NOTHING ON YOU!!!! YOU CAN KICK HIS 3 STARS FROM REACH TO EART!!!!! OH AND I ALSO FAILED TO MENTION IT TAKES PLACE IN OUR SOLAR SYSTEM!!! SO SIGN UP TODAY AND KICK SOME GRANIEER BUT!!! (or corprus if your a corprus haiter) (oh and one more thing lotus(mission controll) is prity anoying. Manly because she talks as if her life is in danger when all she is doing is hiding in some ship that we have no knowledge. BUT ITS WORTH IT BECAUSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!YOUR A SPACE MOTHER FLIPPING HEAD SPLITY NINJA!!!! oh and the physics are great the flow of motion is great...Only bad things is if you have a comp with ram under 8 you proly cant play without lag and it takes dedication to get good stuff (or money if you realy truly like waisting it)
game-hours: 151.0
review: I absolutely love this game. Amazing graphics that run on my crap computer. If you're looking into a game to become addicted to, this is the one.
game-hours: 22.3
review: Pretty decent F2P game and there aren't many that don't take sniffs at your wallet. This is one of them and for it's base game without spending a cent it's a pretty fun game. Give it a shot it's only 4GB, nothing to lose!
game-hours: 266.3
review: Space Ninjas need i say more
game-hours: 1.1
review: nice
game-hours: 144.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 0.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 291.9
review: Its Great
game-hours: 146.5
review: Very very addicting game, lot of fun. CYBER SPACE NINJAS FTW !
game-hours: 549.9
review: Wonderful
game-hours: 132.6
review: Just now, I almost redownloaded this game. Warframe features such intense action that I almost forgot how pointless it is. If they took the grind out, and released this as a $15 game I'd be much happier with it.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Legal o Jogo agora que nao pega no meu pc da lag mais recomendo
game-hours: 48.9
review: Warframe. It is a fun game. I like how you can have pets, like the Kubrow. I dislike that some of the bosses are overpowered, and you have to have more OP stuff to kill them.
game-hours: 293.5
review: The most fun you can have for free! Hands down the best third preson shooter I have ever played.
game-hours: 29.9
review: just call me fred durst cuz im rollin rollin rollin rollin
game-hours: 921.0
review: Space Ninjas with magic. do you really need to know more? this is a really good game and I love how anything you'd need to better your play style be it mods, warframes, or weapons, you can earn. where as the only thing you have to spend money on is asthetics like color pallets and syanadas. but of course if you're market savy you really don't need to spend money to get plat :P
game-hours: 95.4
review: Review of Warframe: 1/24/2014 - {56 Hrs} Key Ingame Features: -Free To Play -3rd Person Shooter -Online (4p) / Solo / Co-op -Available via PS4 / PC -200+ Gameplay Hours -3 Factions To Kill / Help (Think of Starcraft [Zerg (Infestation), Terran (Gineer), Protoss (Corpus)]) -Revolves Around Space -Multiple Planet Systems To Complete -Daily Events +-Depending On Planet System, Different Factions Provided Missions Randomly Spawn +-Login Rewards -Human VS AI (Player vs Player? Not sure) -No Lock-ON system (So not TERRIBLE like GTA5) -Different Control Systems, User Defined +-Mouse and Keybaord ofc +-Controller Support -Crysis esc Visual Stimulations In Game -Rendering At Beginning Of Round Start (oogle effect) -Different Gameplay +-Kill Everything +-Defense [Moving datapads] +-Capture [Killing Specified Targets + Capture] +-Minor Brain Teasers ("Hacking" Terminals) +-Waves (Hoard Mode esc) +-Destroy Equipment (Mining?) -Item System +-Purchase Items With REAL Money (Most of it is a waste, aside from colours for your suit) +-Diablo esc drops (Randomized but others can NOT steal your drops [D3 , not D2 real]) -Card System +-Upgrading weapons +-Combinations (Upgrading (IE:2 of same = 1 of higher rank)) -"Pets" (Companion System To Minorly Help) -Sandbox Random esc Gameplay (IE: Not always the same level (Schemes May be similar, but multiple variations)) -Boss Battles -Clans -Minor Bullet physics (IE: Better than COD, Not as good as CS / Red Orchestra) -Security Cameras -Option For Stealth (If you can) -Melee Weapons, Magic & Guns (Elemental Effects (All in Cards)) Synopsys: The game is a 3rd person shooter based in space and you are a freelancing agent (alien? Robot?) that has landed on a shuttle and have to complete the mission assigned. Missions have a chance of changing part way through, based on performance and / or if other characters join in game / you merge into THEIR games. This game is more based on the fact that it IS multiplayer and has NO campaign attatched. Does this game suit your needs?: If your looking for something that has a COD esc feel for gameplay (online; averagely repetitive maps) and are looking at killing loads of AI with friends, strangers or alone then this is probably a really good game for you! Future Development: -More Guns -More Suits -More Planets -Actual Space Exploration / Battles -More Game Modes -More Users -Steam Workshop (IE: Guns / Levels / Bosses / Suits) -Campaign OR Some kind of lore.. even if it's hidden like in "Dark Souls" -Bullet Physics -Space Physics -More Mind Puzzles via Hacking or Other -Destruction of Computer sytems that AI use too alert hoards (IF/When you fail @ stealth) -More Boss Battles -Steam Inventory (Trading cards after X level | Suits | Guns | Items) -Space Shuttle Flight -Mech's -Bosses that require specific areas (IE: If it's mechanical, rather than just shooting it a million times, shoot the joints rendering it useless (IE: Quad-Walker, shooting out a leg making it struggle with 3) -Different Crossairs (Dynamic / Static / Colourized Schemes) All in all though, amazing for a "Free To Play" game. 8.3/10
game-hours: 14.3
review: realy good
game-hours: 98.9
review: get it
game-hours: 6.8
review: yes
game-hours: 4.2
review: This Game is the best thing ever made, it's better than borderlands 2!!!!
game-hours: 14.9
review: Very good,but some paywall action is going on,other than that it is a grest game.
game-hours: 250.8
review: If you like farming sims, you will love this game.
game-hours: 631.3
review: This game ruined my life 9/10
game-hours: 59.6
review: So cool. Need to play this game!!
game-hours: 2.3
review: awesome ^^ hehe
game-hours: 26.7
review: Like (Y)
game-hours: 953.2
review: This is the Best TPS Game
game-hours: 485.1
review: Fun, Simple, I didn't but, I recommend paying for ingame money cause it will make the game 100x more fun. I think the only flaw is how much the P2W money costs.
game-hours: 21.1
review: Expect to pay for EVERYTHING. Can't make it through this game without using your money. Overall, great gameplay.
game-hours: 7.6
review: Super good game would strongly recommend this game. I would give it a 9/10 Score.
game-hours: 17.5
review: This game is one of the best F2P games I've ever played and even on low settings, the game still looks awesome.
game-hours: 2594.5
review: dobra igra zanimljiva
game-hours: 26.7
review: -
game-hours: 368.8
review: Ignore that metascore, it's a stupid number. This is fun. You should play it with me.
game-hours: 620.3
review: My favorite game to play!!!!!
game-hours: 227.4
review: Warframe offers a fast-paced* third-person shooter experience with a large variety of weapons to choose from and decent controller adaptation. Movements are absolutely fluid; you can slide, climb, wall-run, and all sorts of fantastic things, all while shooting your gun. Alternatively, using your melee weapon will also have different moves based on if you are in the air, sliding, etc, and you can even charge up for a massive swing. On top of that, each 'warframe' (class, if you will) features 4 unique(ish) powers that help you to manipulate enemies and survive combat. These aspcets combined make the simple act of killing enemies highly satisfying. Oh and did I mention you'll be levelling and upgrading your weapons and armor? Missions are between 10 and 20mins usually with randomized levels using a decent number of chunks, and a number of different mission types, and you will progress across stations on each planet which will eventually branch out and give you a lot of paths to work with. Now on to the critiques; You will only find 3 different types of enemies in Warframe, and one will only appear from time to time. However, each of the enemy factions feature a decent variety of units to engage which keeps combat lively, with the variety increasing as you progress across planets. Still, you may get tired of fighting the same units over and over, and the gameplay you experience from day one will essentially never change, but simply become more difficult. This is a problem for some, but not all. Some missions feature essentially endless gameplay with ever increasing difficulty, so depending on what you are after it may appeal. Also you can build everything you need in the game without setting foot in high-level missions, which is both good and bad for obvious reasons. Next are weapons. Yes there are many, no they are not all viable. Some are infinitely better than others, but have a 'mastery' requirement so you will have to level other weapons and frames to obtain the best weapons. There are many ways to modify your weapons however, and testing weapons becomes a critical part of the gameplay. Next is community; some players like to run through the whole level without killing things (when possible). You may find yourself doing this as well at times, but as a new player it can be extremely difficult to learn to keep up without dying, and solo play to set your own pace can be frustrating for the new player (running out of ammo, mobs from behind, etc.). Those who can adapt and play through to challenging difficulties however will not have an issue with this as they will quickly assimilate to the game's culture. Some levels are flagged (informally) as farming zones in which players will use their warframe powers to decimate massive amounts of enemies, which may be disheartening to some players but you will still get experience for these kills (if in range). Still, many players are belligerent and will refuse to cooperate with others in the team environment, making the most aggressive player the one to set the pace. Note that these players do not tend to appear too often, but they will from time to time. That brings us to powers; great at low-medium levels, supplements at high levels. Because there is little motivation to play high levels, many players choose more fragile warframes with AoE powers to decimate mobs quicker and ones to quickly traverse the levels and attempt to get every kill (there are kill leaderboards). This can cause problems for players who are levelling as experience has a very short range on it, as well as consistent enemy spawning since spawn points move throughout the level as the players do. Here are some nice redeeming qualities however about the game; you (technically) never have to spend a dime on this game to play it and do everything the game has to offer. You can build every weapon and warframe, and even construct your own 'clan dojo' (guild hall) and unlock the 'guild only' weapons in this manner individually, without purchasing the for-money currency, and many players will buy fully upgraded mods for said currency. My opinion overall is; it's free, so try it! You may not get into it at first, but it is worth playing. The skill base is limitless, and while it may take a little extra time to get the hang of some aspects properly it is an excessively fun game, especially with friends. Also, this game is still actively being updated and added to which helps boost my rating. 78% approval; lacking in variety of gameplay, but still high in excitement
game-hours: 56.1
review: Nope
game-hours: 1412.7
review: Still addictive after sooo many hours of gameplay.
game-hours: 56.7
review: Fun for those that just want some mindless shooting fun and good for those that want to spend time tweaking their characters, fun for all!
game-hours: 1208.3
review: play dis guise
game-hours: 5.9
review: Run. Gun. Rinse. Repeat. Hope your team isn't idiots.
game-hours: 8.1
review: Free to play game. Fun time with friends online.
game-hours: 65.3
review: <3
game-hours: 59.0
review: its awsome
game-hours: 6.6
review: In my opinion the best free to play game. They are adding even more stuff every now and then.
game-hours: 83.6
review: what can i say....? NINJAS WITH FREAKING GUNS!!!! now im not huge into shooters, but the ninja & playstyle of the game is what snagged my attintion. very fluid combate & ease of controls makes this a swell game for hardcore & new comers alike! a muct have if youre looking for something fun, diferent & very entertaining!!
game-hours: 152.0
review: Is good I like it but the problem is a total lack of african american warframes
game-hours: 8.7
review: LOVE IT IM ADDICTED
game-hours: 531.9
review: Space Ninjas. Need I say more? Great game all around. Third person shooter game with a decent selection of weapons across all types. Shotguns, rifles, lasers, grenade launchers, pistols, akimbo pistols, needle guns, flamethrowers, and more. Oh, and did i mention you can melee too? Everything from katanas and broadswords to dual axes and polearms, and a freaking glaive. A melee weapon that you can charge and throw that returns to your hand. How awesome is that? Add to all this a super fluid parkour/acrobatics system, a deep engaging crafting system, and ongoing updates and events. A+ all the way. Also, one more thing... it's free.
game-hours: 213.5
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 1.6
review: Game is amazing. That is all.
game-hours: 137.4
review: 's actually kind of good, play it but with friends since alone it's kind of .
game-hours: 12.3
review: Absolutely amazing and well done. Love it!! <3 :3
game-hours: 434.4
review: Space Ninjas play for free. Free to Play defines this game extremely well. The fact that most FTP games are pay to win, this game is the exact opposite. This game is Play to Win. Sure you can spend money and buy things, but you can literally unlock everything (except for colors, slots, and aesthetic features) in game. There are items in game that you have to play to unlock, you can't buy everything. The play style of Warframe is amazing, it's PvE with groups of four. Sure you can run solo, but it's a lot more fun to play with groups. The beginning is somewhat slow, but once you hit around the third planet and you figure everything out, this game is simply amazing. The graphics are breath-taking, I could go very in-depth about this game, but I'll let you decide if you enjoy it or not. Just think about this one phrase, "Space-Ninjas".
game-hours: 42.5
review: Who dose not want to play as a space ninja killing creepy looking bad guys? Oh... You? Well... Go away then.
game-hours: 225.3
review: Warframe Review This game can be very fun, I personally give it an 8/10, and I believe it's pretty damn good ADVANTAGES - Has great graphics, better than alot of games out there - Has interesting factions and interesting weapons, and Grineerish is just pure awesome - Most of the game can be accessed for free, by crafting or as login rewards - The whole Solar System is free and can be done with any warframe - Every warframe and weapon have advanteges and disadvantages, this makes them fairly well ballanced - The game is Free to Play DISADVANTAGES - Some items cannot be aquired for free, they must be bought for "platinum" - The game has microtransactions which is never a good sign, but they don't give any overpowered items - Colors are not free, palletes cost 75 platinum each, along with most cosmetic items - Platinum is very hard to get without paying money - Ridiculous crafting times starting at 12 hours to 72 hours Overall I think this game is worth a shot, I have been playing for almost a year now (since the early beta) If you are willing to pay real world money for platinum, I recommend waiting until you get a discount as a login reward, I also highly recommend doing research on the wiki before craftin/buying items Happy hunting Tenno! - Crazy
game-hours: 752.8
review: I have spent so much time in this game, it is so much fun and really feels rewarding.
game-hours: 5.3
review: E ok.
game-hours: 244.3
review: 11/10 would hotfix again
game-hours: 382.7
review: in this game you play as space ninjas in a future where mankind has evolved beyond the need for stealth. as you stealthily cut a path of destruction through the hordes of enemies with your loud unsilenced weapons be sure to remember the ninja spirit animal, the rhino. use a rhino warframe and become a walking tank, the ultimate form in stealth for a ninja.
game-hours: 162.2
review: Warframe is a great game overall, It's custamizable and rather unique. Playing with people always makes the game more fun, and the Warframse abilities work well together in most cases. I would deffinitly recomond this game to people.
game-hours: 76.9
review: game iz good.
game-hours: 23.9
review: I got banned for 25 years lol
game-hours: 47.5
review: excellent game, i totally recomend this for players that look for an gmae with lots of action and new combat systems and a lot of diversity within all clases.
game-hours: 586.8
review: The Best Free2Play game today. 3rd person shooter with amazing graphics and gameplay. It is not pay2win unless you have money to buy things instantly but you can still have the full experience without paying. You must try this game out if you dont have it or never tried it. I would rate this game 9/10, because the only thing I dont like about the game, is that its all about grinding and sometimes feels repetitve. If you play with friends, its more enjoyable. You dont even need a gaming computer for this, my laptop with intell 4000 graphic card can handle this game on low settings. Dont look at the Metascore, it does'nt deserve below 70/100.
game-hours: 4.5
review: warframe looks like a fun and adictive game
game-hours: 184.6
review: Such a good Game
game-hours: 412.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 24.3
review: hi
game-hours: 381.4
review: Amazing game. It migth have micro transactions but most items are obtainable in other ways.
game-hours: 1130.7
review: The greatest Free to Play game ever thought of. Update after update Digital Extremes delivers great content, And it rewards those who work. Reguardless if you have money to put into the game or not, You can in the end get pretty much any item without money. Highly recomend this game to any person.
game-hours: 1720.1
review: Great game. Play in a world where large security forces are always the Grineer. A world where even organic Corpus somehow leave a heavy robotic signature. Warframe...A game about Ninja Robots from another dimension. Tenno/10 would frame wars again.
game-hours: 22.4
review: its an ok game
game-hours: 925.9
review: this game is brilliant
game-hours: 3543.6
review: Awesome game. Almost 1k of in game active hours of game and still going stronk! If you're a newcommer, don't let yourself get frustrated by the early game: ask questions in chat, most of the community is friendly and understanding. Major updates every month or so, with weapons added even more often! Just don't download it if you're in college: it will kill your study
game-hours: 168.6
review: Constantly updated, gets better by the day.
game-hours: 62.2
review: best co-op game I ever played!
game-hours: 55.8
review: Good game.
game-hours: 96.3
review: 10/10 I love this game. It's more suited to play with friends, but you can play solo if you want to. There are also clans you can join and have your very own dojo. With the newer updates, it's a bit harder, but everyone likes a challenge right?
game-hours: 117.3
review: The most boredless game :D
game-hours: 402.9
review: best f2p game u can get in steam
game-hours: 230.4
review: great game
game-hours: 204.0
review: This is an awesome game, but the gore gets in the way of the screen alot.
game-hours: 51.4
review: Space Ninjas!
game-hours: 1169.2
review: AWESOME!!
game-hours: 1718.0
review: Amazing game, has potential to be both an eSports PvP title, and a Top game in years due to originality.
game-hours: 286.9
review: Play it for christs sake
game-hours: 14.7
review: SO MUCH FUN!!!!!
game-hours: 604.1
review: This is why they cancled fez 2
game-hours: 6.9
review: great game. play it its free.
game-hours: 185.3
review: Warframe is a co-operative, free-to-play, sci-fi shooter game developed by Digital Extremes (DE) for the PC and PlayStation 4. It is set in a distant future where the solar system is torn between a hyper-militarist clone empire, profit-driven technological merchants, and infested mutants/zombies. The player takes the role of a "Tenno", a member of a fourth faction with a blurry past and roots in ninja themes, and is guided by an entity called "the Lotus" through missions including timed survival, prisoner rescue, sabotage, and many more. The players is always pitted against enemies in superior numbers. To this end, players have at their disposal a varied arsenal of weapons both archaic and fantastic, and, most notably, a special suit of armor called the Warframe, each of which has a particular set of abilities. Despite being primarily a shooter game, the gameplay has a definite focus on the agility of the Warframes, featuring some parkour elements, and the way each Warframes abilities allow for creativity in combat. To sum it up this is a very good game.
game-hours: 252.5
review: Can't stop. Send help.
game-hours: 85.7
review: Warframe, the ultimate 'free to play' game. This game has brought me and my friends much fun from just defeating a unlimited amount of hordes that consist aliens known as either the Corpus or Grineer. While playing this game, I wondered why this game is for free? it has desired gameplay, good graphics, and incrediable looking weapons. As well while knowing that you can spend cash on items; it's best not to, since you can already unlock after completeing certain objectives if your patient. For the designing company who made this, thank you, for my laptop is just lucky enough to play this Apple of Eden. An the only negatives I can see this game are that the game can get boring if your not fond of having to repeat the same goals - though I've come to understand that most games' are, therefore I enjoy this game. 8.7/10
game-hours: 583.3
review: The story is terrible, the graphics are good but not anything special, the gameplay is repetetive and requires a lot of 'grinding' to get anywhere. However for some reason its my favourite game and i find it completely addictive, it might be the space ninja robots, it might the super fun movement system or vast array of weapons and characters, i'm not sure but i love it. 9/10!
game-hours: 14.0
review: This game is really good, and not good good, but so good, it will explode your brain *Don't take it too literally tho* Its about you, a Tenno, which will stand up, and kill everyone.. Well, not everyone, but most of the enemies, including the Grineer, so this game, is just a freerun run&gun magic game, interesting boss-fights, and new-player friendly, which is always good. It gives you the freedom of crafting your own gun, hence you got the blueprint and the required materials, which are sometimes hard to find, but sometimes as simple of killing everyone and farming the crap out of it :D The gameplay is hard to master in my opinion, as in the beginning, even if its new-player friendly, the running and shooting mechanics can be hard to master, but if you just put some time in it (Sadly, i don't really have that much time for it because of real life stuff) it will get easier. Its beautiful, with great graphich, and even a low-end pc can run it on low settings. Overall, a great game, still some room for improvement on some parts of it, but, for the most of it, its an amazing game, worth the shot to play :)
game-hours: 26.3
review: Refreshing game. Great third person shooter with customizable characters. Not a P2W game, and this makes it a plus.
game-hours: 3.8
review: It's stuffed with sexy and free
game-hours: 354.2
review: The gameplay is quick, fun, and solid. There isn't many inbalances in the combat. Going to a higher level area means you will die, pretty straight forward. While the parkour feels a bit forced sometimes with how your character will snap into a sequence of moves which launches you off a cliff, it works well when it's done intentionally. I usually loathe Co-Op games, I prefer single player. And this game does allow solo play (which ramps down the enemies in number and skill, I love that.) There are missions that require co-op play, and turning the game to a public match is one button, lovely. It feels a lot more refined a co-op experience than most. As an F2P game I have to talk about P2W. There is none. A lot of games claim to have P2W and don't. P2W by some is that this game allows quick advancement. That's not Pay2Win, you can access everything except cosmetics in game, for free. It may take longer to get, but you can get it free. Stuff is reasonably priced, and sometimes you can get 25-50-75% discounts on premium currency (platinum) as a daily reward (among lots of other things.) Which it's then recommended you wait until you get a discount to buy any dosh. There are things like how many weapons you can have at once, and how many warframes you can have at once. This is all increased with platinum. Did I mention a new account grants you 50 platinum? Which you can use on cosmetics, or slots, or daily revives? Yeah that's there. My only complaint is the raw time you have to invest. You can only rank up once a day. Which is frustrating. But I guess it keeps people from advancing faster than others. Understandable, but when if you fail a rank up test you have to wait 24 hours is rediculous. I'd understand 4-12 hours, but not a whole day. Crafting is out of the picture for the most part for the first few days of existance. You will not be able to aquire the parts to craft even lower end gear until you get further into the game. Which you can't do because your gear is bad, so you're relying on the luck of the drop to get enough mods to make your low end gear not suck. Again, I understand they don't want accellerated advancements. New gear though, doesn't mean BETTER (with the exception of Prime variants), your weapon starts at lvl 0, and goes up to 30, which allows you to mod it further along that track. It doesn't really take long to get something to lvl 30, a weapon if used a lot can get to lvl 30 in a days worth of (hardcore) playing. Recommended. Yes. gg.
game-hours: 69.1
review: Flawless
game-hours: 14.8
review: 3.5/5
game-hours: 426.4
review: the most beutiful game
game-hours: 4.8
review: i like boys
game-hours: 220.0
review: This games Has one of the best Graphics in the F2P Market Other then that the game Revolves around The Tenno Which are these Samurai Aliens which are sent to missions to Sabotage,Assassinate,Hacking etc. The game is fun with people but alone its more challanging,Depending on what you like. The game is ment for people who just want to kill Stuff and complete the objective while Upgradeing their character. I found it Extremely annoying to get matirials for Warframes,Guns and Melee weapons Other then that,This game Deserves alot of credit and sometimes it feels pay to play becuase of the customaztions options Like the Sydanas which are cool looking scarfs but cost Platinum(Real money) Or a skin. If you dont care about time Consuming Or the looks of your character and just want to have fun This game is ment for you :D
game-hours: 13.6
review: This is one of those games that clearly should not be a free2play. it simply doesnt fit. what could have been an awesome futuristic dungeon loot'n shoot for the co-operative gamer is in a fact an endless grind designed to put you in a world where you are constantly shown products like guns n toons that you could have now if you pull out your credit card, go on, go on buy it! why wait years its right here! OK you go and be back packed another round see how you feel after that. as i said it could have been a nice game with a nice reward system but instead, playing this game makes me like im being deliberately incovenienced into paying and paying and paying. to that i say Thanks but no thanks
game-hours: 93.5
review: awsome game realy fun
game-hours: 11.7
review: One of the best free2play games out there, hands down.
game-hours: 154.7
review: i lov this game it fun
game-hours: 5.7
review: Warframe is a brilliant style, and in its unusualness, it creates nice and smooth gameplay. It is always bieng updated so it always feels new. The only propblem is sometimes when you go in a random group, people will refuse to help, but this does not happen to much once you reach the later levels.
game-hours: 92.0
review: Its a fun game not as good as pron tho
game-hours: 3.1
review: Robot Ninjas in space killing the clones of clones, why else do I need to recommned this game?
game-hours: 30.8
review: super addictive
game-hours: 6.7
review: fun game, best with friends. graphics are nice for a free game. no reason u shouldnt download and try it out
game-hours: 203.9
review: Incredibly fun, like a mix space, and ninjas. dare I say, space ninjas. You are the Tenno, a race of organisms that have been in cryosleep for a long time. When the Factions of the Grinneer, the Corpus, and the Infested start to overtake the solar system and its outlying planets the Tenno have been awakened by the Lotus, the mainframe for Tenno communication and status, to stop them in their tracks. For a free to play game, unlike many that have tons of microtransactions, this game has 0% of pay to win. All items in this game can be acquired through effort and playtime, and yes, some grinding. It has a fun playstyle and its playerbase is incredibly helpful and supportive of new players. its environment gets slightly boring in a short time, but you get a small respite in certain planets, like earth. Along with void missions, derelict missions, nightmare mode, and invasions/alerts. This game definitely has replayability. If you are a player who loves getting achievements and 100% a game then this game will not be for you unless you have the apt amount of time to give it. It does take a long time to get certain things, and some of the items you get are completely random to the point where you will need other player help, but based on the solo difficulty the game was obviously never meant to be played 100% solo.
game-hours: 1261.3
review: Iss aight.
game-hours: 93.6
review: This is one of the best games EVER!!! The best part is..... Its free!!!
game-hours: 207.7
review: Bery pun and addicting!if you like having pun and playing as space ninjas, then this is the game for you!and its free, (except the platinum, guns, melee weapons and such... but dont worry, the weapons are..umm.... very cheap! you may even be loki enough to get half off platinum as login rewards. but its an exciting and an adventurous game.. just dont be annoying to others play nice and have fun,,, by pressing switch teleport constantly.... thats the best way to just do it! or nike.that too! warframe can be a little squishy at first but after a bit of practice and ranking, it will get easier! i reccomend being loki using mk1 bratton for gun!!! its the best to weapon to go for! ecspeciall when you add ammo drum to it! you will be invisible! Remember, Say no to drugs kids! and whatever you do.......press " alt f4 " during your game when your hosting. its a cheat that turns you into rage mode :)
game-hours: 18.8
review: qwwqesdff
game-hours: 185.8
review: A very good game, after you get levels up with one of the three starting frames you can work on getting other war frames and weapons to help enhance your arsenal and increase the amount of fun you get each mission. Want a weapon that punctures through enemies and sticks em to a wall when you kill em? You can get that. Want to cut enemies in half and listen to thier dying screams as you tear apart thier ship in an effort to complete your goal? You can do that. Want to be a pirate/space ninja that can wall run? You can do that to. All in all, I really enjoy this game and if you can find a friend or two, or more and set up a clan/guild you're garunteed to have a blast.
game-hours: 529.3
review: For a 3rd person, innovated and well designed. Worth a try.
game-hours: 143.1
review: This is a sexy 3rd person future ninja type of shooter. It is fast paced and requires skill and teamwork. The multiplayer workes well. A system of constant upgrades, weapons and abilitiess along with steam rewards make it worthwile and keeps you wanting more. Not the smoothest platform, but I think they will continue to work out the kinks. Definetly a killer free game. HIghly Recommended. _Desperado
game-hours: 345.4
review: This story requires a bit of setup. Last year, a friend of mine whom I'd known from gaming for a long time contacted me and told me about this great new game that was in beta that he was backing as a founder (called a "Grandmaster" in-game) called Warframe. A third person cooperative shooter with elements of Phantasy Star Online/Diablo loot runs, procedurally generated levels, and more content being added all the time. The game was difficult to start, as there are many keys for various secret parkour maneuvers. Running along walls! Sliding down ziplines! Soon, I was completely hooked; my friend and I were playing late into the night, trying to grind out just one more piece necessary to build a new component or weapon, or trying to beat our best time on the Survival missions -- where you fend off an ever growing wave of foes as life support ticks down. Over the year, there were many great victories, hair raising last second escapes, and new friends joining our little group. Many hours were spent joking around with each other on Skype, cracking jokes, blasting weird songs at each other, and coming up with our own stupid little catchphrases. Flash forward a year; Warframe now has space combat, new Warframes, new weapons, and new combat controls. The game still has its original style, but it's so much improved. Last week, our four player regular team developed some incredible strategies that let us get further than we ever had on wave defense missions. The only thing that made us stop was getting tired. On Tuesday, my friend who invited me to the game a year ago didn't show up that night. I found out on Wednesday that he had passed away suddenly from an undiagnosed health condition. The shock of it is still hitting us hard. The friendships that we had formed through the game, gone in an instant. It hardly feels real. I keep expecting him to log in and be there, ready to do another defense mission, and it's difficult to accept that we'll be going it alone now. We contacted Digital Extremes, the company that makes the game, and asked if there was anything we could do. They dedicated their 11/20/2014 episode of their webcast to the memory of our friend and read our memorials to him on the air. Their reactions were heartfelt and touching. They really do listen to and react to the community. I not only recommend the game for how much fun it is (I recommend you play it with a group of friends on voice chat -- up to four per session; your gameplay experience may vary alone, and form a clan or join one just because many items are clan-only), I recommend it for how responsive the game developers are to the community. They constantly improve it and add new content, items, and weapons. There is a storyline that is unfolding. The voice acting is delightful. You could easily play this game without spending a single dollar of real world currency on it (real world currency is used for cosmetics and increasing the number of Warframes and weapons you can own, or buying things that you can't wait for). Thanks, Digital Extremes. And rest in peace, Woxit.
game-hours: 2490.7
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download Warframe 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play Warframe 3) Grind for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself; that's how sure I was that it would work. Edit: A few people are adding me for help on WF. Feel free to add me if you wish, and I'll try my best to accept and answer any questions you may have, but just know I may not have time to play more than a few rounds with you :c Sorry.
game-hours: 516.2
review: first week: its ok Second week: cool game Third week: wow, great game fourth week: 300 hours? this cant be right! fifth week: 430 hours, i have a problem...
game-hours: 523.3
review: they should add skateboards for all the grinding you do
game-hours: 2946.2
review: It's like a real life girlfriend. Only far less expensive and easier to grind.
game-hours: 118.7
review: | Update (24/4/14): It has been a fairly significant chunk of time since I wrote this review of Warframe, and some elements of the game have been expanded upon in ways that alleviate some of the issues I originally had. The premium currency, platinum, can now be traded between players. This provides an option for players who do not wish to put money into the game but want to participate in using the storefront. Users in the comments have pointed out that there are many powerful items which are not available in the store - if you want them, you'll need to grind. Multiple new game modes exist, including "Invasion", a mode which allows players to team up together with the Corpus or the Grineer to work against the opposing faction. This mode gives the player some agency in the kinds of rewards he receives for completing the mission. The latest update introduced Melee 2.0, which delivered improvements to the game's melee combat. The most interesting update comes in the form of Dark Sectors. Clans and alliances can own parts of the Solar System, and can fight for that contested ownership. Clans and Alliances can also set tax and resource requirements on anyone who accesses their conquered territories, leading to territorial battles for supremacy. In conclusion, a decent amount of content has been added to the game. While the core argument of my review holds true, Warframe is finally approaching the level of depth required to elevate itself above a mere grinding game. The new "EVE Online"-esque sector mechanics are particularly promising in that regard. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | Original Review (25/11/13) A great-looking, initially interesting game that feels like one compelling part of what should be a greater whole. Warframe is an interesting entry in the free to play space. It has the looks and the gameplay, but after a while it begins to feel lacking in the way of substance. Gameplay largely involves clearing your way through various missions types as you progress in rank, leveling up your weapons and your Warframe (the game's metaphor for various Classes, each having their own unique abilities, advantages, disadvantages and so on) as you shoot a myriad of alien Grineer, infested hordes, and Corpus robots. Missions range from rescue scenarios where a hostage must be located and escorted to safety, to mobile defense missions where waves of increasingly difficult enemies must be held off as you protect a moving objective. These can all be completed solo, but are made more interesting by grouping up with other players. Higher level missions are tricky by yourself, making teaming up the more attractive proposition. Weapons and Warframes can be augmented with various modifcations that apply the standard Action RPG fare - elemental damage bonuses, increased critical hit damage, faster reload speeds, you name it. This allows for some diversity in gameplay between players, where you may opt to build out your Warframe in a more supportive role, or stock up on mods which provide a more tanky character. So far the game has been well supported with semi-regular content updates and special events, usually in the form of new warframes and weapons, and a "community effort" in which everyone can participate. The only "issue" is that the game is a bit of a grind. In fact, it's a complete grinding game. The main reason for going on missions is in the hopes of accumulating various materials with which to craft the new warframes or weapons. You can use the games "premium" currency to expedite the process of manufacturing said items (which take hours, days of real time to craft) or simply buy them outright from a storefront. Why do you want these new weapons and warframes? To grind more efficiently for materials. This might strike you as a monotonous loop, and to an extent it is, but the joy of the gameplay itself goes a way to allievating the game from being a total bore. Inevitably though you may become tired of the treadmill. The game sometimes feels like it is skirting the boundaries of being gross about its "free to play" nature - you can certainly get almost everything in the game without spending if you're willing to commit to the grind, but it can sometimes feel like game systems are designed to encourage you to give up and bring out your wallet - namely the sheer amount of materials required to craft better equipment, and the time spent waiting for these items to actually be built. It's always questionable when a F2P game includes a long timer alongside a button to make it go away for just a few pounds. Ultimately, if you're just looking for a good looking, nice playing third person shooter with online components and a decent aesthetic, you can do far worse than Warframe. After spending some time with it, however, you might wind up wishing there was a little more to the experience beyond what is currently available.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat Feeling badass flipping off walls and chopping dudes up Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play Might destroy Relationship/Marriage Could cause loss of feeling in  Might cause loss of friends 10/10
game-hours: 401.4
review: I bought a space gun using my space money, i used said gun on space zombies, I casted space magic on said space zombies, then i space ninja'd my way to the space boss, where i used my space parkour and my space sword to space kill him, I then returned to my space ship were i rubbed the space belly of my space dog. Today was a good day.
game-hours: 2940.5
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. And to top it all off, everything that impacts gameplay can be obtained for free. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Start game ---- create an account --- choose warframe --- play game --- kill enemies/rescue buddies/defend a pod/etc --- kill bosses --- open new planets --- rank up --- build new warframe --- find clan --- build new warframe --- farm farm farm --- build new weapon --- farm farm farm --- build new warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build new sentry --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a Kubrow --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a prime weapon --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- build a Prime warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- play the same new event mission x5 --- gain new mods --- polarize weapon --- XP XP XP XP XP --- need credits - T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- NEW UPDATE ---- FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING --- go build arch wing - "No resources" --- farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm - build arch wing *NO CREDITS* --- T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- build archwing *** waits 36 hours*** thats pretty much my experience on Warframe --- 10/10 ---
game-hours: 17.0
review: Way fun! More people is good! Very delightful! Soup!
game-hours: 137.0
review: Love this game and if anyone wants to play with me JOIN MEH CLAN NOW DAMMIT
game-hours: 87.7
review: Great game requiring skills which are easily developed once played for hours... Although pvp's system sucks, the overall game is just magnificent.
game-hours: 13.3
review: The concept of the game is cool, graphics are nice, playing with friends is good and all... BUT! it gets tiring quickly due to It's lack of variety in stages, enemies, modes etc etc. If you are looking for a game to stick with, this is not for you. However, the game is free so It's fun to just jump in and play with friends once in a while!
game-hours: 141.6
review: Try it out its great.
game-hours: 3.1
review: It's a good game, but it really sucks.
game-hours: 6.7
review: I've been playing this game since beta firstly came out as f2p, and game was good then but really boring, no trading, few warframes, a lot of bugs and i still got till 30th lvl before I've decided to stop. Few days ago few mates and me saw it on steam and install it again, I found my old acc and started playing again. GAME IS AWESOME NOW. The amount of bugs they cleared, stuff in stores, game mods, lvl's, optimtization's and basicly gave mostly what people asked for, they are active on forums, answering Q&A and very helpfull. Love their blogs in which they love to tease and give people news about stuff they are working on etc. Get it, great game, much fun, if you have few friends, start a clan and fight.
game-hours: 593.8
review: Free to Play Space Ninja Parkour Simulator. Attach potatoes to your ninja and weapons to enhance.
game-hours: 13.7
review: It's a game.
game-hours: 11.4
review: good game sucks it's pay to win
game-hours: 271.4
review: So here is the deal. Warframe is aweful. Honestly 0/10 would not play. Maybe... MAYBE 2/10 cuz swords. Other than that this game is lame. You force yourself to play a few hours, however, becuase it has gotten higher ratings than some of your favorite games. So you're in around ten hours, and you get to your first level 30 weapon. You have since then purchased and/or found other weapon parts and intended to build a superior weapon to the weapon you currently have. You give it a shot and holy dear lord is it good. And it felt pretty satisfying coming out of the 12 or 24 hour oven (foundry). So you play with that for a while and have a decent amount of fun. So okay, games not great, maybe a 5/10. At least it's free. But, becuase this new weapon is pretty good, you want to see what else is on the horizon. Rinse and repeat until about 40 hours when you realize that you've covered most of the starchart and have a few good weapons. Rinse and repeat until you can take down anything in the starchart VERY fast. Rinse and repeat until you can take out the stalkler in one hit with a meelee weapon. Rinse and repeat until you can last to 45 mins + on T4 survival. etc., etc., ,etc. 10/10 God Tier Game. Would Recommend (EVEN DROPPING CASH ON TEH GAME) TL;DR Graph of y = x where x is how much you play and y is your desire to play
game-hours: 30.4
review: quite good and a gr8 co-op game!
game-hours: 7.2
review: very fun and you can slice people in half
game-hours: 4.8
review: The Badass Simulator. 9/10
game-hours: 11.2
review: good
game-hours: 468.4
review: Not even Captain Bright made me this happy.
game-hours: 837.6
review: I have a positive opinion of WarFrame. You can have access to missions thanks to higher level players, an there is a huge range of customizations for your avatar/Warframe. I also want to point out that u can have multiple Warframes in order to experiment which is the best for your kind of playing style. It's really good and I strongly recommend it!
game-hours: 25.7
review: Completely rehauled game, and to top it up, it's optimised too! Love the graphics, the gameplay and fighting experience too. Recommened for ones with Sci-Fi Fighter feel.
game-hours: 20.5
review: It's a really great and awesome game! :D Problem is, you still need to register at the original website.. :p But to those who are having doubts.. I tell you this........ DOWNLOAD IT! >:3
game-hours: 76.0
review: if you want to be a freaking space ninja with guns, and have stealth elements this is the game for you
game-hours: 567.8
review: it's...just...so...FUN
game-hours: 131.4
review: Its a amazing and wonderful game, full of action, adventure, and that splash of violence that just makes it great. Though in the first few days or months (depending how much you play) it is difficult, mainly in money and resources, but that will soon end, and best of all, you don't have to worry that much about upgrading, since all warframes have unique abilities and traits to decide on! So I would definitly recomend this game, but for people who don't like 3rd-person view, space travel guns, lazers, swords, bows, robots, and NINJAS!!!, turn your head and find a different game.
game-hours: 14.2
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 192.2
review: Grinding and Running Simulator Space Ninjas with energy guns so much HATE with laggs and crushes with weak notebook why love this game? qooo~
game-hours: 12.0
review: Awesome game. Great graphics. Good gameplay. Everyone should try it.
game-hours: 675.0
review: - Story - "They were called Tenno. Warriors of blade and gun: masters of the Warframe armor. Those that survived the old war were left drifting among the ruins. Now they are needed once more. The Grineer, with their vast armies, are spreading throughout the solar system. A call echoes across the stars summoning the Tenno to an ancient place. They summon you. Allow the Lotus to guide you. She has rescued you from your cryostasis chamber and given you a chance to survive. The Grineer will find you; you must be prepared. The Lotus will teach you the ways of the Warframes and the secrets to unlocking their powers. Come Tenno, you must join the war." I think in my opinion is one of the best F2P games I ever played.It has: weapons, space ninjas, Archwing, character costumization, santinels, your very own pet (called Kubrow) and more. The best advice I can give you is: take your time and don't buy everything you see on market.Almost everything you see there can be created/optained through hard wark and patience. I definitely recommend this game to anyone that is looking for this kind of games...That's it, now excusie me, I need to get back and save the humanity.
game-hours: 6.9
review: Want Destiny? Play this instead, save yourself $60
game-hours: 2.6
review: Most graphicaly detailed mmo ive ever seen. love the game play. having a sword and bow in space is a fun new spin. I found that the mouse sensitivety is more sensetive than a menstrating teenage girl who was just dumped on prom night, even after i turned it down almost to zero. this gives the illision of extreme lag which can piss you off. everything is also shaped weird, as in enemies and such. like there armor is plated over bursting tummours which have serverly deformed them, but this keeps the game interestin and fresh. runs pretty smoothly.
game-hours: 155.1
review: Game rocks :D Maybe the best ninja game ever
game-hours: 100.3
review: I heard this game was repetetive and even early on I can see how people say that, but it looks like there's a lot of depth to it and it's interesting enough I'm gonna keep playing for a while.
game-hours: 689.0
review: Space ninjas...enough said
game-hours: 135.5
review: this game..is awesome. everything can be crafted in game without using real money, it will just take a lot of farming, but hey, that adds to the longevity of the game. PLUS it gives you a chance to level up your warframe and gear. i find it alot of fun. at first i thought this game sucked cause i didnt understand it. give is a try and look up on thi excelent community wiki if you ever have questions. i hope to see you in game :)
game-hours: 4.0
review: <3
game-hours: 666.3
review: Let us settle the most important questions first. I have been playing the game since the early closed beta, had seen the game change a lot over the course of that and the 11 updates. Now the important questions that always come up with Free to Play games. A. Is it Pay to Win: I would say no, some would assume right away that it is because you can use the real money currency (Platinum) to buy weapons and warframes. There are a few things that mitigates this: 1. Weapons/Warframes need to be leveled with experience. 2. Weapons/Warframes need mods (dropped by mobs) in order to become powerful. 3. Powerful weapons/warframes are gated with Mastery rank (sort of an account experience). Someone buying a warframe or weapon still needs to level it and get the mods for it to become powerful, which is a matter of available time. 90% of the weapons found in the store can be built with a blueprint and the available materials you collect trough the missions you do. There are powerful weapons in the game only available via random encounters, research or events. The only things that one could get from the shop: Catalyst and Reactor (used in weapons and warframes to double it's mod capacity) and Forma (this in a way helps on that too). These are only available via events and random events called Alerts (Forma however can be farmed). The only things you cannot get without platinum are: Cosmetics for pets, Weapon/Warframe/Sentinel slots, Capes, Clan badge, Warframe skins(different color patterns), colors and in game Account avatars, Affinity (exp) booster, Credit booster and Platinum to Credit exchange. B. Is it a grind: While it was in the closed beta this had gotten a lot better, drops have been increased and it is always a matter of know where to get the materials. Starting out this will be a bit rough, but after you get your second/third warframe it will not be much of a problem. So the main question is not exactly how much money you want to spend rather, do you have the time to invest in the game. If the answer is Yes, then read further, if the answer is no then you are still able to give it a try but you will get stuff at a slower pace. 1. What is Warframe? Warframe is a Co-op TPS (up to 4 people) with limited PvP (duels, 2v2 fights on selected maps), putting emphasis on fast action without having a cover system, a lot of people would say it is like Mass Effect 3 with a mission system. Especially now with the reworked damage system (with update 11). You play "Space Ninjas" and have to complete missions in a varied enviroment, you start off with one warframe of your choice from the three starter ones: Excalibur (balanced), Mag (more of a caster type) or Loki (mobility/utility frame, has no direct damaging ability). All Warframes come with 4 abilities. You fight against three factions over the course of the game, each having their own arsenal. Grineer: They are human/Cyborg people, clones who's genes are degrading with each cloning, making up for their degradation with cybernetics. They are mostly Heavily armored, with quite a few crowd control units. Possibly the most varied faction in the game. Corpus: High tech space "Merchant Guild", they operate mostly with shields and employ robotics also known as MOAs, they are fairly weak compared to the grineer but they do more damage. Infested: Space zombies and the likes, they have variations all around, have no shields at all, some have some form of armor, they compensate with health and numbers. Orokin: you will only encounter these later in the game, they consists of controlled Grineer, Corpus and Infested units. Only found in the Void missions. 2. Gameplay Warframe operates on a Solar map system, with a variety of missions available at each planet. These missions are locked in a chain and needs to be opened by playing the previous mission in the chain. When you select a mission, depending on the area it is in will Generate a map, these maps are put together from tiles, so you will notice that some rooms look the same, sometimes you can get big maps sometimes you get medium to small maps. Your objectives depend on the type of mission the map is and a few factors, sometimes there are random happenings on the mission: Change of objectives, this can happen on the fly. Faction change, you will notice this from Lotus mentioning it, this will change the enemies spawning, the original faction not only fighting you but the newly arrived faction as well, no original faction enemies spawn anymore, just the newly arrived one's. Another one of these random events is the arrival of the stalker, a powerful enemy warframe, this usually happens after boss kills and a certain factor working in the background. Mostly he arrives when you are not at full potential (like leveling a low level warframe/weapon). If you are alone he will be a tough fight, if you are with a group all you have to do is survive long enough for others to burn him down, if you triumph he will drop rewards (which can be blueprints for his weapons or mods). 3. Features Crafting, this is the thing that will take away. Get the blueprint for weapon/warframe, farm the required components and then start the craft, the time required is roughly like this: 12 hours for most weapons and weapon/warframe components (researched weapons mostly), 24 hours for Pets, Reactor/catalyst/forma and 72 hours to complete a warframe. You can rush these by using up platinum. Clans can create a sort of Clan hall, called Dojo. They can do the layout themselves and decorate it as they see fit (granted this requires materials), do weapon research, trade, duel in specific duel rooms. With update 11 people are able to trade Mods, Void Keys and Platinum, so if you have the time and there is a need for it you can trade away rare mods (upgraded mostly) for platinum from other players. Events: These happen quite frequently, sometimes this changes up the map, like a faction taking over a planet from the other. Alerts: These are generated missions appearing randomly on the map, it mentions the reward, type of the mission. Some things can only come from these alerts (Aura mods, Catalyst/Reactor, One warframe blueprint pieces, some weapons). They come up quite frequently and after every Warframe livestream. Scanning: New feature, you need to buy scanners and scan the enemies for info, including some drop table and stat information. The developers are always changing the game, tweaking here and there. This game had changed quite a lot from the start (mod system, now the damage system is overhauled). They are also working constantly on updates. Nightmare mode: Some missions will become nightmare missions, mobs are higher level and there are special modifiers for the mission (like no minimap, no shields, no energy, losing HP, etc) but if you complete it then your reward is a dual stat mod. 4. Is it worth it? I don't play too much but I like the game, if you have the time to kill and want to try a good free to play game then give it a try, you might get positively surprised.
game-hours: 59.7
review: Imagine taking assasains creed, taking out all the plot, then making that an fps set in space. Also you can upgrade upgrades that upgrade upgrades.
game-hours: 477.5
review: This is an awesome game and I really suggest you download this game. GET THIS GAME!!! The guys did a really really good job of this game so thanks to those guys :D
game-hours: 130.3
review: Its Ok I guess.
game-hours: 123.3
review: Super awsome game but you need a medium computer to run i smooth
game-hours: 31.6
review: One of the most fun free to play games I've played.
game-hours: 578.7
review: Ignore the metacritic score, this game is a lot of fun, very grindy though. Been playing for about a year now and love every minute of it. Space Ninjas with guns and robots, what's not to love.
game-hours: 685.2
review: One of the best games I played so far
game-hours: 54.9
review: DAS gmae ish a good which i played
game-hours: 91.9
review: It's a nice game, but would recommend playing with friends as it can make the expirence lot more fun.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Very exiting game, very fun and it plays very nicely. 10/10.
game-hours: 149.2
review: Space Ninjas in space! WIth slicey swords and pew-pew guns there's nothing not to love in this game. Needs a bit more polish around some edges, but easily one of the best Free to Plays on Steam.
game-hours: 433.6
review: Warframe is a brilliant game, many alternative fighting styles, and so many mods and items. Try not to put money into this game, get in good with high level characters and forge your playing style, and the prices of platinum are a rip-off. WARNING: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME BECAUSE OF THE CURRENT UPDATE SINCE IT STOPS ALL GAME USE FOR WINDOWS 8 AND UP USERS.
game-hours: 236.3
review: Game is very addicting, downloaded it on a whim from a friend who played the game occasionally. Was slow to start, but now I have spent over 90 hours and counting in it. There is a lot of grinding in it unless you want to drop some dough. However, the grinding is enjoyable and there is almost always someone to play with. The enjoyable gameplay along with the constant updates and additions make this one of my favorite F2P games of all time and I don't feel pressured to drop a lot of money on it, even though I will occasionally make a purchase here or there. 9/10
game-hours: 37.0
review: Nice addictive fast pve fps (with some pvp sites) with tons of possibilities by using an upgradeable cards system for your extra skills in warframe or your weapons. Including a crafting system and some customization to make yourself unique.
game-hours: 106.3
review: Really aswome game. 3rd person slash FPS game, with very cool close combat. F2P. Mostly co-op. Good Crafting system. I really like it and YOU need to try it!
game-hours: 92.0
review: Beauty.
game-hours: 6.0
review: very very very very very very very very very very good.
game-hours: 26.4
review: JUST 4 WORD, THIS GAME IS AWESOME !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 263.4
review: Roughtly, this game is "metroid meets team fortress 2". But actually in a deeper sense, or actually in my disturbed mind, the tennos are the metaphor for the perfect society, the grineers are the metaphor of the communists, the corpus are the metaphor of the capitalists, the infected are the metaphor of the anarchists and the corrupted are probably some revoluting people that join force from everywhere across the world. Twisted logic.
game-hours: 9.5
review: liked this game its looks like destiny :)
game-hours: 585.1
review: One of the best graphics an online RPG can offer.
game-hours: 5.5
review: 7.5/10
game-hours: 8.7
review: Space ninjas.
game-hours: 35.5
review: its gud
game-hours: 35.9
review: Good looking game. Well, that's about it.
game-hours: 370.5
review: Awesome but should tell you more information and needs more story
game-hours: 494.2
review: Its free. Its crazy. Its fun. Need I say more?
game-hours: 13.0
review: warframe is one of the best 3rd person shooters ive ever played. It gets updates almost every week. Its free. Is massively multiplayer or you can by your self. Theres warframes unlike any others. endless modding possiblities. overalll i give this game a 10/10 :D
game-hours: 1248.4
review: This is a fun co-op game that you can play with your friends
game-hours: 880.1
review: Really fun game. You can get almost every thing in game by farming. Not pay to play like a lot of other games. The lore is still in the works so you can't expect too much but its still pretty good. Farming and levelling up weapons and warframes is really fun too and at times, challenging. 7.8/10
game-hours: 260.4
review: I really, really enjoy Warframe. Combat wise, if you've ever played the multiplayer maps in Mass Effect 3 it is very similar. If you enjoy being able to customize your character's look and abilties, you'll very much enjoy this game. The developers are also constantly pushing out new updates that have a fair amount of content/improvements to the game. Now the game is still technically in Open Beta, and while most professional reviewers have pointed that out, their reviews are also from fairly early public builds of the game. A lot has changed in the past 5 updates or so, I really think the game needs to be revisited. The game can be challenging, or you can stride through battle slaughtering countless foes as easily as chewing gum. The choice is up to you, various game modes and varying difficulties can all be chosen by the player. While the game is free to play, and you can earn in game credits to buy and build new and more powerful gear, throwing the developers som cash can help speed the process a bit. Plus, I think the devs deserve just a bit for producing something that has given me so many hours of enjoyment, easily taking hours away from my beloved wife... ...sorry honey! So give this game a go, if you're looking for beautiful graphics, fun fast paced combat, and an ever evolving game, you won't be disappointed! Suit up Tenno, war is calling!
game-hours: 491.5
review: The decision to play this game is to give up on reality. Bugs, Glitches, Horrible pubbies and the nosiest lady in the world will be the order of the day. That does not automatically mean that this game is bad, because it absolutely isn't For a F2P game this is the one I had the most fun with. All the weapons and Warframes can be bought in the ingame store, but can also be found while playing The only things that can not be found ingame are vanity items. Every update is a new adventure, What will break next? Will the UI break again or will the loot table be topsy turvy again. WHO KNOWS? Try it out, Play untill you atleast get a different warframe other than the starter ones and you will be alright.
game-hours: 86.4
review: Haven't played in a while but, I can say this much; even before all the newer updates it was a wonderfully fast paced action game in which the missions were sensably logical and well thought out in design, now even though I haven't played in so long I would still most definitely recommend this game. I bet all the money in my wallet that more than half of the people that read this will enjoy Warframe especially since all the new updates. Thanks for taking the time to read this short little blurb and I'm serious, enjoy this game or I WILL find you and I WILL make you play it and I WILL make you enjoy it whether you like it or not. JK (for those of you that thought I was serious :P)
game-hours: 18.2
review: This game is amazing! It has a super long campaign and tons of customization options. The only downside is having to use real money for stuff but you can unlock it through cards yet it takes a lot of farming.
game-hours: 2.4
review: This is one of the best games I've played. Take an hour and play it. You never know what you expect and you're tempted to go further and further, and so you realize that the game is so addictive that you are not to go to work: P
game-hours: 0.3
review: Warframe is so kewl its the besterest gam evar.
game-hours: 32.2
review: words can not describe how amazing this game is download and start playing today it is amazing
game-hours: 41.7
review: This game haz guns and swords and people shooting and swording so i think its a pretty good game if you like swording people in half/3 pieces. I like 3 pieces of chicken but not always. I like it spicy. Also this game has robots but you kill them and they are hard. They have guns. Robots are cool.
game-hours: 384.0
review: nice
game-hours: 151.9
review: Only a ninja can stop a ninja
game-hours: 952.3
review: BEST game i ever played
game-hours: 4.7
review: taco tuesdays
game-hours: 6.6
review: This game, my God, This game. It's the best free game I've ever played. It's just absolutely amazing.
game-hours: 938.8
review: Awesome game with friends, graphics amazing, special affects make it seem its coming out of a science fiction movie
game-hours: 183.5
review: A lot of fun with friends. Good payment system. 160 hours, and I only spent $20 with plat to spare. It can be repetitive, but its fun. Its one of the few games where I've enjoyed "the grind." It kept me interested and I was happy to work towards new Warframes and Weapons. Once I got all the weapons and warframes I wanted though, I did stop playing. There wasn't anything "end game" to keep me going. But if you got friends to play with, its a good time.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Wonderful
game-hours: 179.1
review: I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 509.3
review: Honestly one of the best, free to play games out there. Sure you can pay to win... BUT! you dont have to! which is great.
game-hours: 1312.3
review: Very interesting for a free2play game! Nice short history plot even if its still in development! Really fun to play and you have a huge variation of character and you can build the one is suitable for your game style. Even if it still has a few bugs and problems, I love the game! 9/10
game-hours: 0.4
review: it gud game kind glichy tho
game-hours: 15.3
review: eiei mun
game-hours: 37.0
review: it's fun and all. can get a little repetitive when you have to grind insanely for something, but it's need for grinding is what makes it fun. you have to spend time into this game. you cant just leap into the highest level in a short time. everything has build timers and as i said, the grinding can be insane. i recommend this game if you have alot of time to spend or if you simply want to have some fun with friends. Granted, the game has it's occaisional glitch and internet connectivity issues. but it's still a fun game to play.
game-hours: 31.8
review: This is.
game-hours: 815.3
review: This is the best game. Love it. Just keep your wallet locked up and you'll be fine.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Quite a fun game from the start I highly recomend that you get this free to play game right now trust me its the best!!!!
game-hours: 52.5
review: In the grim future of the 41st millenium there is only Grind! This aside it's quite a fun game, beautiful and stable, and the devs regularly add new things. I liked it.
game-hours: 2.8
review: game is
game-hours: 36.5
review: HEY ALL OF U I T WAS A SUPER B GAME WITH SUPERB GRAPHICS I HAD BECOEM A HUGE FAN OF THIS GAME..ALL ONE SHOULD PLAY THISGAME ...... I DON'T HAVE MORE SUPERB DOOPERB WORDS TO TELL ABOUT THIS GAME MAY BE PLAY THIS GAME AND U WILL KNOW IT WELL ......IT WAS A SUPERB GAME I HAD PLAYED BEFORE :) DDD
game-hours: 1258.7
review: Good game but lacks a very needed Campaign and Story.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Chi hay pht :v
game-hours: 231.7
review: You just have to play this game, it's pretty addictive, and have space ninjas, what else do you want? Well there is more, infinite farming map's plenty of bosses, plant of customization options, if you like ninjas and stuff, you just have to play it :)
game-hours: 2.0
review: good game and its free
game-hours: 924.6
review: Highly addicting game! Everything can be earned in game without spending money! This is a true "free to play" game and I recommend this game to EVERYONE! Come and become a Tenno!
game-hours: 176.2
review: fun as hell
game-hours: 178.5
review: aww yiss
game-hours: 28.7
review: fun late night game
game-hours: 0.9
review: Well, here is my recommendation i guess.... "This game is amazing, it ... unlike most games I've recommended , actually deserves it's game title.It's so much fututistic war rather than a "Moder Warfare" type dealio." So theres my recommendation to this here awsum game!!! :D ENJOY IT!!!!!
game-hours: 7.2
review: Warframe is a great game. For some people. I am one of those people. This game is very innovative, because of the way it takes mmo, and mashs it with a single-player game. The controls are nice and accessible, and are also easy to learn. I myself, use a xbox controller for many games. The xbox controls for this game is also nice and feels good. The special effects is phenomenel. It looks amazing if you have a good computer. I love the wayu you can slide while shooting, use a sword to decapitate and how eye-popping it looks on my monitor. So yes, I would extremely recommend this game to another.
game-hours: 69.4
review: An interesting game so far.It's based on teamwork,which is crucial in this game.You can't simply go Rambo on enemies like Call of Duty,'cause you would get gangraped.You also need tactics,such as sneaking and covering behind objects.I reccomend it and wait more people to come play with me.
game-hours: 171.9
review: This game is really awesome. Like Mass Effect 3 Multiplayer without the redundency and the headaches. I don't want to say too much or all about the game because that ruins the fun. the plastyle Is Basicly a Co-Op shooter Grinding fest. So go grab a few buddies and kill some .
game-hours: 612.8
review: wow
game-hours: 559.5
review: Awesome Shooter
game-hours: 362.5
review: This game ruined my life. 5/5 stars
game-hours: 40.1
review: Warframe is a fun and busy game. Never a dull moment once you are in a mission. One of my favorite things about Warframe is the foundry. The Foundry is where you can make Warframes and gear with the materials you have found throughout the game. Makes you feel like you have accopmplished something and you get to show off what you made.
game-hours: 26.8
review: This  be off the frame.
game-hours: 916.0
review: The only game in earth to suggest Tentacle-Porno-Hentai with Hydroid (Warframe). If you want to spend all of your sadness and madness of your daily routine which must be really , play this game and you will become even worse than before. Btw of the P2P aspect of the game, just play with some gays who are HL and they should help you surpass all of your dificulties in your life. 1/20
game-hours: 692.7
review: Overview: Ok, so Warframe is an over-the-shoulder shooter developed by Develeoper Extremes. It takes place many, many thousand years into the future, with diverse Warframes whose users are called 'Tenno' and a whole arsenal of weapons. Gameplay: Gun/Sword fighting is fast paced, enhanced by Warframe 'abilities'.Different tile sets with predetermined rooms organized differently make each play-through of a level unique. Players have a shield that will absorb damage, and while regenerate over time, as well as health that does NOT regenerate and causes the player to die when it hits 0. Enemies have 'levels', with higher level enemies having better stats, such as damage, armor, health, shield, etc. Warframes: This is your character. You can team up with three other players. This group is often known as a 'cell'. Each warframe has unique abilities, movement speeds, health, and shields. The starter warframes are :Excalibur, a warframe balanced in health, shields, and speed, with powerful blade abilities, a sword flashbang, and super jump, making him able to fill any position in a cell. Mag, a warframe that moves slightly faster than average, and with increased shield but reduced health, manipulates magnetism to restore allies' shields, as well as magnetise enemies so that bullets are pulled towards them, as well as pulling enemies to her, staggering them. She also is able to magnetise enemies' bones to break themselves. The third and final warframe is Loki, an advanced warframe that is the equivalent of a twig when compared to other warframes, but is able to easily avoid enemy fire with his amazing speed and abilities. His abilities allow him to create a decoy to draw fire, to swap positions with enemies or allies at range, make himself invisible, and even jam enemy electronics so that they are forced to resort to melee. These are only the starter warframes, and will serve you very well, even into late in the game. More warframes can be created by finding blueprints of warframe parts from each of their corresponding bosses. You must craft these parts of the warframe with resource, then buy a rather expensive warframe blueprint (the actual blueprint to the warframe), and use those parts to craft the warframe. Construction of a new warframe takes three days, but is very rewarding once you are in a completely new power suit! Weapons: Of course, you need a weapon in order to dispatch enemies. You will start off with a Braton Mark I, a FAMAS-looking rifle, a Lato handgun, and a Skana one-handed blade. As you progress through different planets, which all drop different resources, you will find enough resources to start making new weapons, whose blueprints may be bought from the store. Construction of a weapon will either require 12 or 24 hours. Weapons range from a plasma-firing minigun, to a saw-blade launcher! Sentinels: Sentinels are robotic pets that follow you and aid you in combat. Each sentinel has a specific ability, such as the Dethcube with a machine gun and 'vaporize' ability, that is the equivalent of a taser, and the Dethcube with a semi-automatic shotgun and 'vacuum' ability, which collects nearby items for you. Mods: Essential to the survival and combat of a warframe, mods randomly drop from fallen enemies. They are organized into 5 categories: Common, Uncommon, and Rare (Nightmare and Corrupted mods are called rare quality) .They can be applied to warframes, weapons, and sentinels, and will uniquely enhance the items they are applied, to making a single weapon unique with different mod builds on the weapon. Enemy Factions: The direct enemy in this game is the Grineer, a vast army of warriors who have been cloned repeated and seek to take over the world with sheer numbers. Men and women with completely destroyed bodily appearances and strengths caused by cloning degeneration, they rely on armor and shield-tearing weapons to defeat the warframes. They have a natural hatred of the warframes, being the only people able to stop them from their goal of world domination (But I just think they're jealous). Another enemy is the Corpus, a faction based off of economy and profit. They have high-tech laser and plasma weapons, able to shred warframe armor, and equip themselves with powerful shields, but lack bodily armor to protect themselves once their shield is down. They only want to kill warframes to dissect and salvage them, selling the pieces to the highest bidder. The third and final main faction are the Infested, a manifestation of the virus that infected the Tenno and gave them their powers. They charge and kill the Tenno on instinct, and can be considered the zombie infection of the future, with enemies being evidently infested versions of the previous two factions mentioned. Maps: The players starts at Mercury, and will eventually unlock other planets, going outward from the sun. Almost all planets have their own unique boss. New, unheard of planets have been added to diversify and increase the amount of gameplay. The player may find and build keys to access lost and forgotten parts of the Solar System... Bosses: Each boss is different, and will require teamwork and coordination to defeat. Early-game bosses require brute force to eliminate, but bosses from mid-game and on require tactical movement and attacks in order to be defeated. Assassians: As you have taken from the world, the world will take from you. Upset a faction, or a dark, angry tenno whose lore is unknown, and you may find yourself killed or maybe even captured by extremely dangerous assassians, as the lights blink as if Slenderman were there. Remember that your actions have consequences... Gamemodes: The game includes gamemods such as extermination, sabotage, capture, rescue, spy (intelligence gathering), and so much more. The games revolves around PvE, but a poor PvP system called 'Conclave' has been implemented. Clans: The implementation of clans in this game is unique. In the clan dojo, players may research into each of the enemy factions' technology, and create weapons and devices out of them to use for themselves in combat! Graphics: Excellent, but rather taxing on the computer, even on lower video settings. Now, onto your questions: Q:Will this game run on my low-end computer? A:I'm sorry, it probably won't. But it wouldn't hurt to find out yourself. Q:I HATE PAY TO WIN GAMES! A:...That wasn't even a question. However, this is one of the most fair games I have ever played. 97% of content in this game can be unlocked free of charge. The cash currency, known as 'platinum', is rather used as a trading currency used to trade with other players. Free to play players could easily earn themselves 20 platinum or so in the trade market if they tried, which is about $1.25. Very few players spend platinum in the game market. This is a complete list of platinum-exclusive items: Color Palettes (to customize the look of your warframe, weapons, and sentinel), and Extra Inventory Space, so that you can have more guns and warframes without having to sell old ones. Other than that, there's nothing that a paying player can have access to that a free player can't. Q:Will I have to grind for resources/parts of a warframe or weapon? A:Yes. But, warframes only have 3 parts whose bluepints drop from bosses, all with an equal chance of dropping, and 1 part will ALWAYS drop. This also applies to weapon parts from bosses. Resources are relatively easy to farm, and you will find yourself loaded with all but the rare resources by mid-game. Q:Are weapons balanced? A:I'm afraid not. Weapons are usually categorized into 3 tiers by players, and tier 3 weapons will absolutely crush tier 1 weapons. But almost no one plays the broken PvP in this game. Summary: When I speak highly of this game, I mean it. This is a beautifully made game, and I definitely suggest that you should give it a whirl. Stop reading this, and install the game!
game-hours: 2.5
review: is good but not very
game-hours: 21.7
review: Awesome Game!!
game-hours: 59.7
review: Space.
game-hours: 14.9
review: This games has swords... swords are cool and stuff so yeah get this game. if you want to, i really don't care either way.
game-hours: 37.5
review: IT HAS SWORDS! Nothing else to say about this have other than that its AWESOME. Although it is a free to play game its not pay to win, the vast majority of items in game you can get without spending a cent or a penny in real life. It just takes a little time and determination. Exceptions are ofcourse items that make your warframe look better and colors (if you play it youll see). It is worth at least a try and if you get hooked on it dont blame me :D Its certainly not a game for all, but for those that like melee weapons, this game is for you.
game-hours: 80.4
review: AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 229.5
review: My favorite free to play game. Third person run and coop and shooty stuff. Excellent controls, lots of free form wall running and ledge climbing built right in seamlessly.
game-hours: 349.3
review: I honestly love the game to bits. if I were able to give it a star rating, I'd give it a 5/5. Although I'm very impatient and I don't like the 2 day wait to build Warframes, I still love the game. Give it a go if you haven't played it! It's really fun!
game-hours: 70.4
review: Grind! Grind! Grind! That's what you might think. But honestly, it only takes a few hours of life leech to get another Warframe. Otherwise? Enjoy the randomly generated levels and repetitive gameplay. It's not very bad, but if you can't find a purpose within all the hours of gameplay, it might not be for you. Oh, and despite the graphics, it runs quite smoothly.
game-hours: 586.8
review: The Best Free2Play game today. 3rd person shooter with amazing graphics and gameplay. It is not pay2win unless you have money to buy things instantly but you can still have the full experience without paying. You must try this game out if you dont have it or never tried it. I would rate this game 9/10, because the only thing I dont like about the game, is that its all about grinding and sometimes feels repetitve. If you play with friends, its more enjoyable. You dont even need a gaming computer for this, my laptop with intell 4000 graphic card can handle this game on low settings. Dont look at the Metascore, it does'nt deserve below 70/100.
game-hours: 230.4
review: great game
game-hours: 204.0
review: This is an awesome game, but the gore gets in the way of the screen alot.
game-hours: 51.4
review: Space Ninjas!
game-hours: 1169.2
review: AWESOME!!
game-hours: 1718.0
review: Amazing game, has potential to be both an eSports PvP title, and a Top game in years due to originality.
game-hours: 286.9
review: Play it for christs sake
game-hours: 14.7
review: SO MUCH FUN!!!!!
game-hours: 412.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 24.3
review: hi
game-hours: 2.8
review: a very good game
game-hours: 3.5
review: particles simulator
game-hours: 8.9
review: Good game,Pay to Win but not bad
game-hours: 5.9
review: Good game but takes a bit of getting use too but fun
game-hours: 116.5
review: gg Gaben
game-hours: 14.9
review: 9/10 wall runs
game-hours: 658.3
review: This is a greate game wen u are bored and want to shoot somthing
game-hours: 1157.1
review: Hoppas du jgillar ninja skillz, fr att annars trycker jag upp en skana i ditt  - 9/10
game-hours: 153.2
review: A good game, but you have to grind for alot of stuff.
game-hours: 853.6
review: You can change the colour of your weapon.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..... I'm alright.....
game-hours: 24.6
review: Very nice Awesome gameplay and its very entertaining when playing with friends!
game-hours: 1.4
review: too much grind
game-hours: 13.2
review: Great game. Lot's and lot's of fun with your friends. Only negative side I found about this game is the repetitive missions. You are going to be doing same things over and over again, just on another place. But still, they change something, and game is still pretty new, so take that in mind. Updates are going to come out, so be sure to check this game out.
game-hours: 268.1
review: Great fun, slick and smooth. Really comes into its own after a few hours play as you can get into customising your Warframe(s) and weapons. (And by then you'll have some idea how to go about setting up your frame and weapon modifications.) Metacritic scores don't do this game justice - they were all given out by reviews made when the game was in early beta. It was pretty good then, it's better now. Top quality alien shooter action. The criticism I hear levelled at this game time and again is that it's not completely free to play. You do need to put a little bit of money into it for slots for new weapons and warframes and probably for items called orokin reactors which increase how many modifications you can load into your setup. In addition to this, while it is possible to get pretty much anything in the game through playing it, you have to repeat the same mission ad nauseum if you want to get all of the components for one warframe or item right away. I think a number of people who are giving it the highest praise are the people willing to drop some real dollar into the game to purchase items from time to time. In this way, and if you're a collector, you could easily spend a great deal of cash. Nevertheless, the core gameplay is slick, it'll cost you nothing to play it perfectly adequately for a few days and it has throat-singing in its soundtrack. Try it, It's free.
game-hours: 1460.1
review: One of the two best games currently on the F2P circuit, both of which happen to be self-published. Digital Extremes is a group that cares deeply about its player base, involves and keeps them updated with all aspects of development, and responds promptly to critical emergencies. They're working very hard at making a PvE-exclusive TPS in the vast sea of PvP domination. No matter how you view the project at its various stages, you have to give them immense credit for going full throttle at this. Nothing but applause. Edit: Should note that at the time of this OP, the game did not have the Clan Dojo Dueling Room or the Conclaves. Nevertheless, focus on PvP modes has remained a secondary priority for Digital Extremes, and they are still standing fast behind their commitment to PvE.
game-hours: 1138.8
review: simply amazing game
game-hours: 37.6
review: Super Space Ninjas. Swag.
game-hours: 549.0
review: Beautiful game, would spend forever on.
game-hours: 874.0
review: Awesome game and bottomless pit for your time :D
game-hours: 5992.4
review: Beautiful & Addicting
game-hours: 678.6
review: Space Ninjas? yes please, and not as grindy as other Free-To-Plays.
game-hours: 20.1
review: I'd say this is a good game of WWII for you fans of Military stuff!
game-hours: 205.4
review: i really like warframe like really, i love being loki and i love sprinting around at the speed of sound heres where warframe sucks: theres NOTHING TO DO at least there USED to be, now theres conclave where you can PvP 2v2 i havent tried it yet apparantly it might be fun??????? but really theres NOT MUCH to spend credits on, unless you like grinding for other warframes?????? (but what if you already like the warframe you have? what do i sink creds into then, CONSUMABLES?????? [yea rite]) warframe suffers from being a free to play forevergame IT NEEDS A CAMPAIGN WITH A PLOTLINE THAT YOU CAN FOLLOW AND PLAY ALONG WITH, NOT JUST "COMPLETE THE SOLAR SYSTEM + DO ALARTS"
game-hours: 4.3
review: Warframe is very pretty, and extremely enjoyable, but only for the first hour. It requires a lot of grinding to get hardly anywhere.
game-hours: 273.1
review: nice game its had a lot of good updates it has been improved greatly if you played it when it first came out and didnt like it try it again. You might find you like it SO MUCH MORE STUFF.
game-hours: 105.1
review: Pretty fun just tf2 is better lol
game-hours: 146.9
review: Warframe is fun but to enjoy it completely, you will have to put in a few bucks.
game-hours: 6.0
review: very very very very very very very very very very good.
game-hours: 26.4
review: JUST 4 WORD, THIS GAME IS AWESOME !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 263.4
review: Roughtly, this game is "metroid meets team fortress 2". But actually in a deeper sense, or actually in my disturbed mind, the tennos are the metaphor for the perfect society, the grineers are the metaphor of the communists, the corpus are the metaphor of the capitalists, the infected are the metaphor of the anarchists and the corrupted are probably some revoluting people that join force from everywhere across the world. Twisted logic.
game-hours: 26.6
review: Slice. Slice. Slice. What better way to demonstrate this game? 1000000000000/10
game-hours: 194.7
review: (Im not very good at posting comments, but meh just give it a helpful review)>>> Warframe is very awesome, for a ninja play, si-fi, and a third person veiw. (LoL)> . I can picture if its first person but that prob decrease xp of you playing it. Making a Warframe tip: It will prob take a long time to make,a lot money to spend, and a lot time to collect. But I think that way is more effective than just wasting your 'real money' to buy plitanium. Well, its a very> very> very awesome game and I give it a 10/10. I will prob update this review again if I want to and shred some darkness into the light.......
game-hours: 15.2
review: GET THIS GAME NOW! It is AWESOME!!!!!! get it, get it, get it, get it! need I say more? GET IT!
game-hours: 35.6
review: You can do all the stuff in the trailer if you can do all the stuff in the trailer then that mean the game is awesome. PERIOD. PLUS. You play as freaking space ninjas...
game-hours: 942.8
review: Let's see Warframe it's a sci-fi game with exosuits (space-ninjas) fighting the ugly bad guys. Well you can basiclly buy almost anything in the cash shop, including cosmetics. This game is immensly fun with friends, and trying out the AMAZING weapons, there are katanas, whips, laser guns, shotguns, freeze rays, and many more. Now the maps are the same, and can feel repetitve, because it is, although some of the levels look really cool... well compared to the other maps. Now the gameplay could range to really boring to really fun, that depends on what weapons you using and how you use them. Now the Warframes are the exosuits the players can wear, it gives them special powers, like jumping high, iron skin, healing, and mind control. Getting warframes can be very difficult, and that brings me to my next point, the learning curv is very steep so you need to watch youtube videos on how to play properly, thes game is also very difficult so if you like that then good. So in the end, do i recommend this game? Well if you like what you've seen here then go play this, if this turnes you off, then you can try it i guess. So I personally enjoyed this game immensly, but i didn't let that get in the way of the recommendation of this game. This Review is just my opinion.
game-hours: 79.9
review: (Review may be subject to changes as the game's still in beta) + No paywalls. A very important thing in a F2P game. + The game's fun. + Fluid combat and movement. + Good graphics. + Lots of weapons to choose from. - The entire game is a grindfest. The only goal in this game is to increase your Mastery Rank and get more weapons to grind with. Amazing. - No dedicated servers with high bandwidth and PC performance requirements for hosting. This turns most public games into unenjoyable lagfests. - Ridiculous cash shop prices on Warframes and weaponry. - Major balance issues with all equipment in the game, especially with new weapon releases. Which essentially is power creep. - No variety. - No real difficulty. Most of it is just artificial difficulty with stat increases. - Community lacks brain cells. - Terrible PvP. Yes, PvP is just a thing that was added because everyone asked for it and it's definitely not the focus of the game, but that doesn't mean I can't criticize it. - Nonexistent AI. - No endgame content. Warframe has had a lot of potential which it showed back in early Open Beta. However, the game has taken a turn for the worse with more and more grinding and power creep put into it. It's a fun game to play at first, but as you progress and increase your Mastery Rank, you will notice that the only thing you're doing is grinding your  off. 75/100
game-hours: 129.2
review: There's a part in the game where you need to get a kubrow pet ( Dog kinda things) and you need to kill them, destroy their home, take their egg, and then hatch that egg until that kubrow becomes youre sex slave. 10/10 Best Game Ever
game-hours: 219.0
review: Warframe is a cooperative online third person free to play action game presenting wonderful gameplay, graphics quality and action involving space ninja-bots.This game is currently in beta but it is generally a PS4 game.It is becoming more wonderful game on steam with every updates and it is an addictive game..So, I will recommend this game to every player on steam.. :)
game-hours: 11.1
review: Very good game.
game-hours: 295.5
review: Proof that metascores don't matter. Like roger ebert's opinion on movies. You can choose to play the game and enjoy it, or like the critics you can give it a 67 without even recording 1 hour of playing time.
game-hours: 11.1
review: This game has a great potential, not the best game out there but a very good one! 7.5/10
game-hours: 162.3
review: This game is amazing for a free to play and the only bug that i have found is that once in excavation the scanner stayed at 100% power and the drill wouldn't spawn, but apart from that and a few clan dojo glitches the game runs really well 10/10.
game-hours: 528.0
review: Warframe is an amazing game for emphasizing your playstyle, each weapon is suited to a specific playstyle, or adaptive to MAKE it fit your playstyle, this also can be said about the Warframes themselves. Mods further enhance playstyle to the very elements you want to fire out of your gun! While it is a grind, after that first loadout is bought and you have a new melee, primary, and secondary weapon, it becomes a game of using awesome mods and unique effects for each gun to mow down hundreds of enemies in different ways, using abilities let's you master the flow of combat. Another thing great about this game is the animations, while they are triggered by player use on some, which can be a bit sudden, all animations look so smooth, and each weapon even has unique combos, stealth kills, finishers, and so on. I would highly recommend this game to anyone, and it's FTP, but not necessarily PTW, the developers themselves said that everything in the game (besides color packs and Excalibur Prime, the donator frame) is obtainable for free. Grinding to get a new weapon can be fun with friends, and the combat is so satisfying most of the time.
game-hours: 280.3
review: gay
game-hours: 790.6
review: The game is a lot of fun but repetitive so it can get boring fast. Its a lot more fun if you play with friends so that its less boring. At a certain point progressing does require you to pay for more weapon or frame slots. If you don't then you will have to trash , remake and lvl up what you already have to continue progressing your rank. Lucky the slots aren't expensive.
game-hours: 4.6
review: its fun
game-hours: 13.4
review: You should play this.
game-hours: 76.7
review: ITS FREAKIN AWESOME!
game-hours: 5.2
review: Oh yea baby turn the heat on!Its now Warfarme!
game-hours: 3.0
review: While fun, the game has three free "classes" to pick in the begining. The other "classes" are avalible with by use real world money to buy in game points to obtain the other "classes"; with the most expensive ones being about 20$. Wareframe plays exceptionaly well, and is just plain fun; especially with other players/your friends. However, because Wareframe is free the majority of the gameplay is essentially pay-to-win due to the better items and other "classes" being available through the use of real world money. That's not to say that Wareframe is a bad game, because it's not, but this one aspect is enough to be a huge turn-off for some people.
game-hours: 4.4
review: This game is amazing by visuels graphics everything about it is awesome, a must get now!
game-hours: 1.9
review: Game is just like dead space+mass effect=Warframe
game-hours: 10.9
review: Super fun game. but its quite an odd concept. Ever wondered how weird baseball is to someone who's never played it? that idea is a lot like this. cool game though.
game-hours: 1408.9
review: Realy good game. Simply fenomenal free-to-play title. Nice style, interesting seting, great visuals. There is simply nothing not to love in this game.
game-hours: 559.6
review: Would you happen to be a fan of ninja? Maybe a fan of space? Perhaps you are one of the refined few that have a developed taste for space ninja? Well, I have great news for you. Warframe is a space ninja game where you play as a space ninja and use your wide array of ninjitsushis like sudoku and guns to combat fierce enemies like space marines with genetic defects and Isaac Clarke's extended family, as well as a dense strain of the dreaded hepatitis B. You can play with your friends, and can perform a number of exciting tasks such as raiding spaceships to steal your enemy's money and trading cards, running and jumping on the walls like a hyperactive primate, and murder. 's good, play it.
game-hours: 0.6
review: Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1040.2
review: Dead Space meets samuris with superpowers. Best in co-op.
game-hours: 838.0
review: How to start... Well, warframe is an action/fps/hack n' slash game so addictive at the beginning, you will be surprised of the amazing and funny gameplay and method to obtain the stuff, it's easy, it's attractive, it's "fast", it's cooperative, etc, you will be interested in being more powerfull with better mods/weapons/warframes, etc, later you will have a feel that it's a bit repetitive the gameplay, then the absence of a decent vs multiplayer mode (like; capture the flag, deathmatch, control points, king of the hill, etc) will make you feel a void in your soul, then you will feel a lil disappointed when you realize WF in some cases is too P2W, and etc etc... Afterall, seeing that WF is still on develop, you will say that is not that bad, when you have your mates there; it's an amazing game to play and always it will make you go deep on it and having you playing more and more, obtaining what you want to obtain because it's true, you can obtain the 90% of the stuff without pay (certainly, slots system is a bit abusive) and with all of this in mind you will say "Ok, lets try again to see if the boss finally drop the blueprint? :)" and you will repeat this again and again... 9/10
game-hours: 378.4
review: Space ninjas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 279.9
review: is a good game
game-hours: 58.4
review: Juegazo Lo Recomiendo :DDD
game-hours: 14.1
review: ttt
game-hours: 15.8
review: You guyz gotta play this!
game-hours: 23.1
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 179.8
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 75.1
review: nice 2nd person action game, u guys should try it
game-hours: 0.9
review: mdaaaaa
game-hours: 754.5
review: ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 10.7
review: Great game to play with friends! Very Diverse character builds and awesome animation!
game-hours: 2002.3
review: This game is massive amounts of fun. MAny unique, and familiar art styles blend seamlessly and are seperate enough in their theme so players can recognize different factions with ease. The crafting system will not appeal to casualgamers so much, but dedication is well rewarded.
game-hours: 174.9
review: This game is so awesome
game-hours: 38.6
review: Shld i download it? Yea u should ,Pretty Amazing GAme <3
game-hours: 671.7
review: Best f2p game ever, play it now :D
game-hours: 251.5
review: Best Free To Play Game Ever
game-hours: 1477.6
review: Damn good for a free to play, one of the best I've ever encountered. The start is a bit rough but once you get the flow of it, it becames super fun. The combat and weapon system is really unique, and the movement is unlike any other game I've played before. Downsides are it gets a bit grindy, but the way they implimented the game it works out well. You rank up by using more guns and increasing your skill with them. No weapons are off limits to people who don't want to dump real money into it, but your pool of weapons and frames will be limited. Even then there are events and promotions that give weapons you can just delete and keep the open slot. A really fun and interesting game, the best part is the developers are very active and quick about hearing the community's word, and take a great deal of care into making sure the feedback they get doesn't fall on deaf ears.
game-hours: 387.1
review: Warframe has improved so much from its humble beginnings but has shown so much improvement simply due to the receptive and ambitious nature of its developer. Its a great squad based PvE combat shooter that keeps things interesting with a pleatura of frames (characters) and weapons. The in game upgrade system utilizes in-game found mods that lets players pick and choose how to custimize said frames and playstyle. The environments and enemies can get old after a while and it can feel a bit grindy at times but implementation of trading, in game events and clan dojos have kept things fresh enough to keep me coming back for more.
game-hours: 296.2
review: SHOOT EVERYONE
game-hours: 2.3
review: This is fun co-op game, would reccommend to my friends.
game-hours: 10.5
review: 1/10 Not enjoyable unless you enjoy a solid grind everytime you play
game-hours: 24.3
review: just play the game
game-hours: 501.3
review: This game is better than doat 2 or LoL so :D get this instead!
game-hours: 370.6
review: You play a space ninja.
game-hours: 468.3
review: Awesome, Fun, Entertaining, and free!
game-hours: 3.2
review: An awesome game for everybody. The game is getting updated frequently, and has lots of content. It's free to play so I dont actually know why you are reading this review, just download and try it out, I'm sure you'll love it!
game-hours: 927.0
review: Big recommendation: Warframe is a bad- 3rd-Person Co-op Shooter and Hack & Slash game offering an amazing (and refreshing) variety of play-styles, influential & fluid skill builds, challenging game mechanics, randomly generated levels, hordes of foes that will test your metal and spectacular graphics (surprisingly highly optimized). This game is literally an amalgam of the best elements of the FPS and RPG genres, all in one tightly bound package. FFS WHO DOESN'T LOVE SPACE NINJAS!!!
game-hours: 314.1
review: this is a awesome game
game-hours: 331.2
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 627.5
review: Warframe is da bes :)
game-hours: 834.3
review: Youtube game footage does not look as nice as the actual game. If you have a high end machine, just try the game out and you wont be disappointed.
game-hours: 819.9
review: Warframe is a good sci-fi co-op mission game which has promising potential to be a great game but right now contains many annoying bugs which need to be fixed for it to be great. There is still much more room for improvement such as the user interface and animation set. If the developers can fix some basic issues, they will potentially have one of the best game's of its genre. Right now, I give this game in September 2014 a 7/10.
game-hours: 6.1
review: It's like mass effect 3 but good
game-hours: 634.8
review: First ever online Multi-Player game that made me to play for hours. This game delivers smooth game-play with enjoyable game modes.
game-hours: 7.6
review: yeah space ninjas. Confusing at first but fun game nontheless
game-hours: 118.2
review: Is a nice game after you get the way you need to play it ...
game-hours: 801.8
review: You're a shark ninja in space, doing backflips with lazors...
game-hours: 232.3
review: I like it.
game-hours: 208.3
review: great game!!!
game-hours: 71.2
review: Fun, fast pased, badass gameplay. I reccomend this game for anyone who likes shooting stuff.
game-hours: 4.9
review: It's a free,multiplayer online, great graphics, ninja game. WHO WOULDN'T LOVE THAT!!!?!?!?! :D
game-hours: 408.2
review: Great game.
game-hours: 160.8
review: It's about space ninjas and lasers and aliens and it isn't made by EA. Such worth.
game-hours: 525.1
review: 2much fram 5 m3
game-hours: 343.6
review: This game is hard to review given its state. It's still being worked on, but I feel like it's gone far enough to the point I can properly give it an honest review. Actually, I am really glad that the developers are putting so much effort into it. You can always look forward to new things from a very hard working team. That's something you don't see a lot of. They have done a whole lot of good here. It makes me happy. So what is Warframe? It's a very grindy third person shooter centered around what I believe are suits of armor, although it's not really mentioned what you are, this is what I assume. The story is currently in development, but the core game play up until now has revolved around the grind. There are a plethora of weapons: Primary, Secondary, and Melee... along with your very own warframe. Your warframe is given four abilities in itself which also revolve around the theme of said frame. It's highly customizeable and you can craft anything you can buy with the exception of colors and armor pieces. Crafting can take up to 24 hours. If you're making a warframe it's possible it could take up to four days... but I consider that a plus, because no matter what you do, you feel productive in your doing it. The game is free to play which is pretty astounding considering the graphic intensity and how well it's put together. If you want to support them it wouldn't hurt to buy some stuff for at least customization. Although it's not necessary, it's good to point out that your warframe can be a reflection of you, if you so choose. I really liked that. Warframe is beautiful. In recent updates it's filled with newer tile sets, and in the most recent (as of this review) you're given a ship and a small companion through the quest system. The ship makes accessing your arsenal in an orderly manner fun, and the interface for your crafting system and mods is pretty amazing looking. The meat of the game revolves around modifications. You will find mods everywhere as you grind for materials to build new things. Trust me, there are just as many mods as there are weapons... and there are a TON. You can mod your weapons for elemental damage, combine elemental mods to make new elemental damage types. You can mod your frame for more health, shields, endurance, or just whatever feels good for you. It depends on your build and play style, and it can be a good time if you experiment enough. All weapons are viable given the right mods. The last thing I want to talk about in this review is the clan dojo. You basically build your dojo from scratch. The corridors, the room types, decorations, levels, all kinds of awesome stuff. It's complete with research on weapons and even a few warframes you can't get anywhere else. I recommend you grab some friends and make a clan dojo to get the most out of the game if you're the grindy type! No game is complete without its negatives. Honestly there are quite a few... but the game is still in development, and if you have developers that are competent enough than that's a great thing. It's a grind heavy game, and the mentality seems to be to blaze through the levels as fast as you can. This can really throw off new players trying to get in on the action. The combat is fast paced... but if you take the time to learn you will most likely be zipping ahead as well. Parkour is a bit difficult to grasp, but that also takes a little practice. The controls are fluid for the most part. Over all the mayhem is a good time. If you ever find yourself in the position to kill, or blow up baddies and some intense third person grinding as what is widely known as a "space ninja" than have fun in this ever growing sci-fi universe, because this is the game for you.
game-hours: 0.5
review: esta chingon pero la  se me congela, sino fuera por eso seria mejor
game-hours: 50.5
review: I like it
game-hours: 2.0
review: i well give this game new page and hope for the beast
game-hours: 680.1
review: I Highly Rate this game, It is the best fps game i have ever played 10 out of 10
game-hours: 256.1
review: Great game, great community!
game-hours: 2597.9
review: About Warframe, This game looks amazing, plays amazingly smooth and is really addictive. Some people might say it's a grindfest but that's something that is possible in every game. If you have friends to play with it will only increase the amount of amusement that you have. It's not pay-to-win which is with almost every free to play game and it will keep you entertained for hours upon hours. I have been playing this game for over a year now and I can't get enough of it with their constant updates that add new stuff every week! Keep it up DE!
game-hours: 160.4
review: buy this ftp game you ing loser you have no excuse
game-hours: 17.4
review: Velmi dobr hra ve kter zaijete spoustu akce, sice ne jako v traileru kter je trochu pehnan, ale jinak hra je skvl ;)
game-hours: 731.5
review: If you like fighting space ninjas then you sould totally get this game it has insane parkour and insane awesomness, And the best part is that its free.!
game-hours: 445.2
review: Warframe, in my opinion, is an underrated game. For being a Free-to-play game, it is pretty good! It's a fun, challenging, single or multiplayer game! I would recommend it to any Sci-fi fans!
game-hours: 3.3
review: Quite a fun game from the start I highly recomend that you get this free to play game right now trust me its the best!!!!
game-hours: 52.5
review: In the grim future of the 41st millenium there is only Grind! This aside it's quite a fun game, beautiful and stable, and the devs regularly add new things. I liked it.
game-hours: 149.1
review: cool game but i like beta more
game-hours: 619.3
review: Ninja, Ninja. Don't you need your skill as ninja? It's fun!
game-hours: 20.3
review: this game is giving me so many problems
game-hours: 0.2
review: Terrible, i couldnt even play 3 minutes without it crashing. Screw waiting through that 10 minute intro again...
game-hours: 610.6
review: that game is awesome but it be boring after days
game-hours: 102.2
review: It's an awesome game, a few minor bugs but it's still in beta so i hope they'll be fixed!
game-hours: 8.8
review: An excellent game, brilliant over-the-shoulder hybrid shooter style, excellent usage of NVIDIA's PhysX.
game-hours: 17.0
review: Way fun! More people is good! Very delightful! Soup!
game-hours: 137.0
review: Love this game and if anyone wants to play with me JOIN MEH CLAN NOW DAMMIT
game-hours: 1123.3
review: You have to try it!! I can't get enough of it!!
game-hours: 1010.7
review: Even though it is a grindathon for resources, the gameplay and unique mre than make up for it
game-hours: 3.1
review: first person game like this, not bad to play with your friends or even your girlfriend aint gonna hurt if you try this have fun with it
game-hours: 268.8
review: FarmFarmFarmFarm.
game-hours: 283.0
review: i recommend this game to all my friends its very fun
game-hours: 88.6
review: This game is a blast I would recommeded it if like ninjas :3 BECAUSE NINJA ARE COOL PIRATES SUCK
game-hours: 2.2
review: Nice game:D
game-hours: 4.7
review: Once you get into this game you will find it riviting
game-hours: 17.8
review: This game is an action-packed Role-Playing Game that pits you into an aesthetically pleasing universe.
game-hours: 624.0
review: I Really Like This
game-hours: 211.4
review: This game is fun at first but each level is basically 1 of 4 maps and it gets really boring
game-hours: 1107.6
review: Very fun when you first play the game, and it has a great theme to it. However there is no end game content currently, and the game is just one big grindfest.
game-hours: 28.0
review: Amazing game play mechanics which allow you to have a fun and exhilarating experience; You may customize almost every detail about your character and weapons of choice.
game-hours: 477.1
review: Space war Great on graphic but still have some Glitch... Action For ninja!
game-hours: 614.5
review: Game is horribly broken. You are supposed to take the lives of the enemies while all your doing is wasting you own.... 11/10 Dont reccomend...
game-hours: 591.2
review: 10/10 awesome game
game-hours: 780.9
review: The only reason I don't have thousands of hours buried in this world is because I like seeing friends in the physical world once in a while. Brilliantly designed, tons of fun, and endlessly expansive... built by people who love games for people who love games. Go forth and dominate.
game-hours: 312.4
review: Very fun and addictive
game-hours: 427.8
review: never get bored to this game.if bored,craft a new warframe and level it up.
game-hours: 61.0
review: It is a really good and well made game but playing with others could be better like adding a survival
game-hours: 41.3
review: it was amazing but never really let me get on so i suggest when this is fixed
game-hours: 45.9
review: BEST GAME EVAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!
game-hours: 7.9
review: Infinite "Checking for update" screen. 10/10
game-hours: 321.5
review: I love this game that is why im coming back to it x3
game-hours: 617.6
review: Great Game
game-hours: 3.2
review: it is fun but very challenging then I thought It would be
game-hours: 90.8
review: gud graphics
game-hours: 12.3
review: Very good game! :)
game-hours: 8.5
review: This game in my opinion is astonishing...
game-hours: 323.1
review: This game is great but i have some problems i cant play please help.
game-hours: 287.2
review: I do wholeheartly recommend this game, spent a good few hundred hours on it off of steam. Tis all i can say.
game-hours: 2.4
review: you need a pretty good computer to run this game smoothly
game-hours: 1.3
review: This game is cool, BUT is a resource hog to be sure, I know it's still in beta, but it takes a monster PC rig to run it in highest settings, but it still looks nice enough in lower rez + medium settings if you turn a few things off... It controls nice enough with an X360 for Win pad + it lets you remap the buttons... it's a "photo realistic" game so it looks awesome, since it's F2P D/L it, & give it a try.
game-hours: 1.4
review: No
game-hours: 244.6
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 379.7
review: Verry good game!!
game-hours: 474.1
review: * Puts on horsemask*** * "I LOVE IT!" 10/10 ***NB: There is no horsemask in game, 1/10.
game-hours: 100.1
review: If you like shooting guns, slashing aliens in half, throwing kunai in their face spliting it in two which is only about 99% of the male population like doing. and if you havent started downloading warframe by now did i mention it's free? So lets recap slashing aliens, shooting guns, throwing kunai like a boss, and doing all that with your friends for free. Sounds good to me. and did i mention there are a tons of weapons i havent even seen 10% of them
game-hours: 23.6
review: great game and highly addictive. good graphics
game-hours: 79.3
review: this game is epic i coudnt imporve this.
game-hours: 78.2
review: Play to your hearts content!
game-hours: 1144.3
review: Three words, Ninjas.in.space.
game-hours: 119.3
review: Cool game
game-hours: 4.3
review: Awesome game theme (Ninjas with massive arsenals), smooth gameplay & controls, and an interesting storyline. Two thumbs up for this game!
game-hours: 87.1
review: Wow..Nice Game.
game-hours: 156.9
review: I absolutely love this game. It's very versatile and open to pretty much anything you want to do with it; whether you put money into it or not. It's a third-person shooter, which is probably why I love it so much. I'd definitely recommend this as one of the best free-to-play games available on Steam.
game-hours: 112.1
review: it's a very good game
game-hours: 93.1
review: Great game, awesome graphics , good story line the game moves at the pace you want it and the game will teach you the basics of how to play the game youll get easily caught up playing with friends for hours at a time 10/10 score from me.
game-hours: 155.7
review: The storyline isn't exactly in depth, and there are a few (minor) bugs. However, Warframe is a fantastic creation and a very pleasant game to share with friends. A friend of mine constantly told me to download it. When he finally bugged me enough, I downloaded it and played it for the rest of the night. Now we have a group of about 5+, made entirely of personal friends. The game can be challenging, even with a full squad (of 4), but the way the game is balanced to feature all playstyles works well with my group! For a free game, Warframe can be played without purchase quite easily! I'll admit, about $20 makes the run a little more fun, but you can function without the use of money very well! I can't wait to see this game in the future! Excellent game!
game-hours: 49.9
review: Ninja aliens? This game made my day :)
game-hours: 249.4
review: This game is amazing! Have played for a while and will continue to play! Every update brings new, fresh content in a unique style of play not found in any other game! The one problem is learning to play the game. The tutorial could use some inprovement, but aside from that the game is flawless! 10/10 Side Note: If you are struggling to learn something there is a lot of support provided on the games forums and within the game in various different chat channels.
game-hours: 21.1
review: This game has everything that a person wants. Fricken ninjas in space, dogs killing people, swords, guns, badass Warframes and for the guys, sexualize Warframes that will probably give them rageboners. I'm just saying.
game-hours: 271.4
review: So here is the deal. Warframe is aweful. Honestly 0/10 would not play. Maybe... MAYBE 2/10 cuz swords. Other than that this game is lame. You force yourself to play a few hours, however, becuase it has gotten higher ratings than some of your favorite games. So you're in around ten hours, and you get to your first level 30 weapon. You have since then purchased and/or found other weapon parts and intended to build a superior weapon to the weapon you currently have. You give it a shot and holy dear lord is it good. And it felt pretty satisfying coming out of the 12 or 24 hour oven (foundry). So you play with that for a while and have a decent amount of fun. So okay, games not great, maybe a 5/10. At least it's free. But, becuase this new weapon is pretty good, you want to see what else is on the horizon. Rinse and repeat until about 40 hours when you realize that you've covered most of the starchart and have a few good weapons. Rinse and repeat until you can take down anything in the starchart VERY fast. Rinse and repeat until you can take out the stalkler in one hit with a meelee weapon. Rinse and repeat until you can last to 45 mins + on T4 survival. etc., etc., ,etc. 10/10 God Tier Game. Would Recommend (EVEN DROPPING CASH ON TEH GAME) TL;DR Graph of y = x where x is how much you play and y is your desire to play
game-hours: 30.4
review: quite good and a gr8 co-op game!
game-hours: 9.5
review: liked this game its looks like destiny :)
game-hours: 585.1
review: One of the best graphics an online RPG can offer.
game-hours: 5.5
review: 7.5/10
game-hours: 5.6
review: really bad game u cant be black without color pack. i r8 0/8 bad b8 m8. RACIST!!!!!!!! cant be an eraser so bad 0/8. how too be racist warframe
game-hours: 499.1
review: A really, really good game with beautiful graphics, although the grinding is really strong it rewards you with tons of guns, melee weapons, warframes and lots of other stuffs. It is one of the better Free2play games right now and doesn't need any money to be spend on to be good. You just need a lot of time... like really A LOT of time.
game-hours: 91.6
review: I played last year. It sucked then. Maybe it doesnt now? *EDIT* I played for a couple of hours today. A world of a difference from a year ago. I will give it an honest go and update acordingly.
game-hours: 66.8
review: Oh boy what to say..........I try to join my friends but it freezes for 30 seconds whilst on the loading screen (when i see ship) and after the 30 seconds it starts loading 'YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY' (sarcasm) after loading 75% of the way, it.........MOTHER ING DC'S ME EVEN THOUGH MOST OF THE TIME I AM THE HOST, AND I DC FROM MY SELF......MIND- OF THE CENTURY, what kind of dumbasses does it take for a game to make someone DC from themselves.....like WTF, fix this and the review will be alot better than this one. -insert rage here- eeeengfhvgf9urewhgwprengoifdnhvcqhg9whucwapggo8ttnuv\spifdt742yr3u21r408teQBFYO8QHJC9FRHC0YRqm7fd980h42jerfewaf08dsait4-9207501984ujr;le'ojfapd[]aKQ0WTKG[ARW,KG[WA-
game-hours: 1711.7
review: My wife left me soon after I found Warframe. 10/10 Would divorce again.
game-hours: 64.6
review: Amazing game, it dosnt force you to use real life money to buy things as you can unlock the blueprints for them with in game ccurrency as well as find the equipment needed to make them. Great game :)
game-hours: 959.1
review: step: 1 download warframe step: 2 grind step: 3 grind step: 4 grind step: 5 grind step: 6 grind step: 7 grind step: 8 grind step: 9 grind step: 10 take a  then sleep step: 11 wake up step: 12 do the same stuff over and over again 10/10 lost all social life
game-hours: 5.3
review: good game!
game-hours: 263.7
review: You like being a badass ninja with swords, shurikens and ... powers, or just run and gun and not give two , this is the game for you.
game-hours: 70.2
review: Warframe It can be grindy at many points but not as much as other games Great concept, missions do get repetative Amazing graphics Space Ninjas Good community Responsive dev-team, always try to be on top of bugs/bug-fixes Love the game I rate 9/10 because of the grinding
game-hours: 199.7
review: TROLOLOL
game-hours: 271.8
review: Be a Space Ninja and planet hop a dystopian Solar System while grinding your face to the ground to climb the Mastery Ranks! Be warned as this is a game which IS BETTER WITH FRIENDS. You're gonna have a bad time running Solo, so get with some friends and play this game. If you dont have any friends that dont play it/dont want to play it, then you're ed. Overall, I very much approve.
game-hours: 25.3
review: this is a game, and its a game, so... because its a game its very game so yeah as i said its a game
game-hours: 93.3
review: loads of fun, other than the fact it should be called WarFarm cause its a pain getting good weapons. 8/10
game-hours: 39.7
review: one of the best games i have ever played....
game-hours: 0.6
review: i want the apple support@
game-hours: 345.4
review: Warframe may be a bit grind-heavy, and waiting for your items to build is a pain, Warframe is a really fun F2P third-person shooter MMO. Thankfully, unlike most F2P games, almost every item in the game can be obtained in some way, permanently, without use of any real cash if you are willing to invest the immense amount of time to do so. No real pay to win  here, just pay to speed things up. This is a pretty good model in comparison to  you see in Nexon games for example. Aside from rushing items or getting rare orokin catalysts/reactors and forma (3 very important items to leveling up) outside of events that give them out for free, the only things you necessarily need to pay for are costmetics such as color palettes and armor decoration. When you get your first bunch of platinum (the in-game real-money paid currency), hold onto it, and don't waste it on guns (get the blueprints instead, those can be retrieved with normal credits which are free by playing), or anything that isn't necessary. Use your plat for cosmetics, or Orokin Catalysts/Reactors (but only if you urgently need them then and there and there isn't an event available). As for the game itself, Warframe's gameplay is fast-paced and frantic. There's a huge emphasis on both ranged and melee combat, and the Melee system is really neat, kind of combining typical TPS melee combat with a God of War-style combo system. There is also some parkour in the game, allowing you to run along and up walls, vault over objects, and do slides, spin-dashes, etc. The guns in the game are for the most part satisfying to use, and feel beefy (such as the Latron), and leveling them up/modding them is surprisingly deep and complex. Mixing damage types depending on what faction you're fighting is very important and something you'll be doing regularly, same with applying mods that build on a weapon's strengths (such as fire rate, damage, mag size, etc). The Enemy Ai, while it definitely isn't the smartest, it is coordinated and different enemy units will try to flank you, take cover, and some brave units may try to hunt you down and find your position if you've run out of sight. However extremely rare, if a fight is going south for the enemy, they'll flee which is also interesting to see. You progress through the game by playing various missions of different types, some involve simply killing everyone(extermination), defending an object of interest from destruction (defense), defending multiple hackable terminals (mobile defense), and much more. There's a lot of variety, and almost every mode save for extermination requires some level of teamwork. With the Archwing update coming out soon, the game will be a lot more diverse, adding full space combat to the mix as well. This is one of the most anticipated updates to the game thus far, and with good reason... It's a big game-changer, literally. The biggest downsides to the game are that the Voice-chat sucks and has horrible quality, the game can be very buggy / freeze prone at times, the netplay can be bandwidth intensive, you can only have parties of 4 players on a mission, and there's a lot of older weapon mods and warframe abilities that are currently becoming less viable as new content rolls in and other elements of the game get new features/improvements. The new stuff ends up leaving older stuff in the dust, in short. Digital Extremes, the developer, plan on rectifying this soon thankfully. In short, it's a great game, it still has issues, but those are quickly evaporating. If you like fast-paced cooperative action with some RPG elements thrown in, plenty of loot, decent AI, satisfying guns, and lots of blood/gore, you'll like this game. As a slightly off-topic note - Digital Extremes (who made this) also made one of the best games of all time; Unreal Tournament 2004, alongside Epic Games back in the day, so give that a look too.
game-hours: 148.2
review: Not the biggest fan of multiplayers, mobas pvp and all that stuff.. But this game has MOJO
game-hours: 13.4
review: You should play this.
game-hours: 76.7
review: ITS FREAKIN AWESOME!
game-hours: 5.2
review: Oh yea baby turn the heat on!Its now Warfarme!
game-hours: 32.0
review: The new World of Warcraft.
game-hours: 593.3
review: solid shooter with interesting mechanics and no pay to win
game-hours: 118.7
review: A free to play, space ninja game.... enough said.
game-hours: 37.1
review: more grinding than in tony hawk's pro skater
game-hours: 66.8
review: Very fun if you have a friend to play with.
game-hours: 198.5
review: stop saryn's  join valkyr's butt -- nevermind fffffffffukken fux this game until they fix galatine they had one job.
game-hours: 444.6
review: Amazing... The time I have spent is evident of that... The movement system is awesome...
game-hours: 478.0
review: Greatest game on Steam I've found
game-hours: 127.2
review: do you like ninjas? how about space ninjas? would you like to become a space ninja and kill everyone that hates space ninjas? if you answer yes to the questions above, get this game. if you do you will: -Become a space ninja -Travel across the galaxy -murder anything and anyone who isn't a space ninja -make some weapons -level up said weapons -parkour -Parkour to hard and over shoot where you wanted to go -fall off the level -get placed where you started parkouring -tame a space dog -murder some bosses -have the bosses send you hate mail -have the bosses call a space ninja to come murder you -sees the space ninja -*Dies* -"Insert any swear word here" -rinse repeat so sprint+slide+melee your way to victory
game-hours: 205.5
review: I started playing on Friday, by the time I went to sleep on Sunday I had 50 hours played, so yea theres that.
game-hours: 775.2
review: Pretty fun and exciting game, lots of weapons and characters. There are many things you can do in this game, for example you can run on walls do backflips or slide down ramps. You like to get upclose and personal? you can grab a shoty or hold f to equip melee and kamiakzee the enemies. Dont like to get close? keep the distance with rifles. Each warframe has different abilities/playstyles. you get 3 weapons, a primary, a side arm and a melee weapon. You can either go in guns blazing or stealth missions if you like(patience is required). The pve is what shines the brightest in this game, though the ai can be a bit questionable they are still competent and offer a challenge to the player. In pve you can play up to 4 players and 4 players in pvp or you can solo. Now here are some minor problems with the game. Sometimes games can get very lagy making everyone warp around. Stealth is very hard for the wrong reasons, enemies can sometimes spot you via sixth sense or can sometimes derp right infront of you, many maps are usualy close quarters meaning sniping and stealthing can be very difficult which i recommend only if you have reached end game or need a challenge. Im not a fan of pvp and i dont play it, but i did try it in its early stages. I don't know if they changed pvp but damage mods really ruin pvp as some one who doesnt have them is going to get stomped and turns the game into a call of duty with ninjas. Overall good game, but it can get a bit repetitive with all the grinding (exp/resources) which is reasonable because this is a free to play. the bleed mechanic can get quite annoying since it goes through shields and is based on rng. 3 factions each and have their own environments. Bosses are pretty meh except lephantis which was very satisfying to fight. Buying platinum sure helps lessen the grinding which is good, so if you dont like to grind recommend buying some platinum.
game-hours: 642.6
review: Hi i like
game-hours: 749.9
review: Space ninjas. Need I say more?
game-hours: 231.9
review: I love this game, its pure awesomnes =D
game-hours: 1294.9
review: Combine Mass Effect with Diablo, add some ninjas, and Warframe is what comes out. Structured around 4-man instanced missions, Warframe has a large variety of map objectives with random secondaries being added during the mission. Overall, the randomization is pretty strong, piecing together gigantic levels that are easy to get lost in. Exploration is rewarded with rare mats, bonus cash, and EXP for all your equipment. The leveling system doesn't increase the stats of your gear but instead how many mods you can slot into your equip (and how strong); combined with a low level cap of 30 (for each gear piece), it's easy for new players to jump in while veterans are rewarded with stronger mods. Everything in the cash shop, apart from skins & colors, are purchasable in game or are craftable. My only major complaint right now is that the environment variety is a bit slim. Overall, Warframe is a well balanced third person shooter with tons of customization and replay value.
game-hours: 676.8
review: Play it, and join my clan :D ( The Cult Of Satan )
game-hours: 240.7
review: Fun at first... Then it proceeds to get VERY VERY VERY repetitive...
game-hours: 222.8
review: An extremely satisfying blend of RPG/MMO progression and satisfying 3rd person action based gameplay, Warframe is definitely a game worth picking up for the low cost of free.
game-hours: 504.3
review: please help me i couldn't update it!!! please i really like this game!!!
game-hours: 124.9
review: Amazing Graphics!!! The mechanics and whole game is amazing! Though the funniest thing there is....is the GLITCHES XD
game-hours: 11.2
review: nice, but needs a graphics preset to make it no more graphicly intense than TF2
game-hours: 30.8
review: This is an awesome game... You Guys need to play it.. You will enjoy this game
game-hours: 1482.1
review: Game ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 220.0
review: This game stole my life , i played it almost naked because i didnt even have time to shower , totally recommendz
game-hours: 877.9
review: Very Good game indeed, hours of fun alone or in co-op mode
game-hours: 681.4
review: I'm going to sum up this game as simply as possible. It is a repetitive, grindy game. You should know this going in. Do not expect a massive variation in what you do. NOW THE FUN STUFF A PARKOUR SYSTEM - WALLRUNNING, SLIDING, FLIPS, VAULTING, ALL THAT COOL STUFF WHILE FIRING GUNS 4-PLAYER CO-OP (It's not an MMO.) A GOOD F2P MODEL (Only stuff that you HAVE to spend real money on are cosmetics - weapons can be crafted using resources gained from missions and blueprints bought from the market for credits.) GUN MODDING AND STUFF (Customise your gun to make it more effective against specific enemies, or just make it set people on fire. CLANS (Guilds, armies, whatever you want to call it. You share a dojo, a communal map that you all build which allows you to unlock exclusive clan-tech weapons. ADORABLE SENTINELS (They fly around above your shoulder and shoot stuff. They are adorable.) 9.6/10 - Not bad (IGN) GOTY
game-hours: 11.8
review: Meh
game-hours: 320.8
review: If you can't play Destiny because you're broke, this is a game similar to it.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Ninjas in space 10/10
game-hours: 30.0
review: Great game! One of the best free to play game out there. Nice graphics and excellent gameplay.
game-hours: 517.3
review: Awsome SCI-fi action hack\slash; Run\Shoot game where the rule is simple 100% play to win 0% pay to win
game-hours: 60.8
review: best game to come out since boarderlands
game-hours: 856.8
review: this game is ing badass i mean a space ninja with a ing full-auto shotgun sniper pistol and a giant ing axe what more could you want? 10/10
game-hours: 249.4
review: Drop leik an urfquake
game-hours: 70.5
review: Good game, shame its pay to win, good shooter.
game-hours: 170.5
review: This game sucked up all of my time, and is pretty much the defining game of my college experience. Anytime I play a game, I play Warframe. Super addicting, but in a good way. Time is definitely money in this game, and often the majority of your time is spent in crafting sweet new weapons and Warframes. Updates are constant, with new content being released often. If you love fast-paced ninjas sprinting around with superpowers shooting and slashing everything in their path, this game's for you.
game-hours: 215.1
review: Third person TF2 with more grind than a cheese grater in switzerland.
game-hours: 67.6
review: Good fun game that isnt pay to win
game-hours: 9.4
review: Much Doge, very play
game-hours: 1153.6
review: My Excalibur can wear a moustache! 11/10
game-hours: 293.2
review: Potato farming simulator
game-hours: 9.6
review: Great game, played it on my other Steam account heaps :)
game-hours: 317.9
review: It gets so many things wrong. From a pervasive need to grind to an unusually punishing rng, Warframe is an unbelievably frustrating affair with a vertical wall to access the high level missions. The journey is hampered by bugs like disconnects, crashes, and movement glitches. The reward is higher levels of grinding exactly the same as what you were doing before for better loot. It's worth it though, because what Warframe gets right, it gets right in a way that nothing else quite has. Sharing many similarities with Destiny, the story is mostly insinuated in missions and brief lore. Essentially, two factions have decided to go to war, and the Tenno have come back after a long respite to slice, shoot, whip, incinerate, and generally wreck havoc. Except when you work with one faction against another. It's confusing, and largely doesn't matter anyway. The game has some tutorials that act as a platform to introduce the character to the story, but it takes a backseat to the action. And my god, that action. There isn't a single game I have played that captures the kinetics that I imagine being a futuristic space ninja infers. The movement options your character has are excellent, and including wall running, mantling, flipping, sliding, and dashing around the different environments, allowing you multiple options for traversing any area. It can be difficult at times as the game doesn't always recognize inputs and will sometimes send your character flying off to oblivion, but there isn't fall damage and bottomless pits just teleport you back to where you were. It only really frustrates when you're trying to get to a target quickly, but using the melee dash negates most of these problems. Through my time playing video games, I have slaughtered countless bad guys in countless ways. It's rare when you have an opportunity to do so in a way that makes you feel unbelievably powerful and affective while also providing a challenge. Your character from head to toe is an arsenal of slaughter, capable of clearing rooms full of bad guys in seconds. It's a great experience, and will keep you coming back long after the grind has set in, which will happen a lot sooner than you think. Content is a real problem in this game, because after about 5 or so hours, you have likely seen everything the game has to show, and probably multiple times. There are only a handful of mission types, environments, and enemies. It helps that a majority of the levels are randomly constructed from tile sets, giving each of them a unique feel, but that only lasts for so long. After that, the grind hits with a fury, because in order to be the best, you need mods. Here's how it works; In Warframe, you earn multiple primary, secondary, and melee weapons, along with your frame (armor) and drone. These level up to 30 with use, and though they don't become more powerful with levels, they allow you to drop mods that modify the stats of the weapon. Mods are the all powerful dictators of your efficacy, changing everything from damage types and amount, your frames shield and health, attack speed, movement speed, and everything else you can think of. As the mods become more powerful, they require more space, and thus the arms race begins. Its a simple concept that quickly escalates the need to grind, because the best mods are very difficult to obtain. Exacerbating the grind is a paywall that is incredibly annoying. Everything you can earn in the game with the exception of slots for more warframes, weapons, and drones. These require platinum (premium currency) which quickly depletes your accounts starting amount. You can earn more by selling people things for plat (usually difficult to obtain schematics or mods) but for a new player these are so difficult to come by you'll usually want to hang on to them. In addition, materials that double the mod space on your weapons and frames (Orokin Catalysts and Reactors) can only be obtained by buying them (more likely) or through alert missions that come up randomly (extremely rare). Balance of power is another point of contention, as not all weapons are created equal. Obviously, it's a challenge to level the playing field between a rocket launcher and a starting rifle, but a majority of the weapons are pretty lousy beyond the first 15 levels of gameplay. Rare mods help alleviate the problem, but at high end you'll really only see a couple of weapons and frames unless the player has some extremely rare mods to pick up the slack. Materials to make weapons can be extremely difficult to get in some cases, and can lead to even more grinding to try and build the more complex and reagent heavy frames and weapons. Neurodes and Argon crystal are heavy offenders, and are needed in quantity to build some of the better items. Argon crystal is more irritating as after 24 hours from pick up, they decay, meaning you have to go and collect more. Digital Extremes is an extremely talented group of individuals, and their artistic sensibilities aren't wasted in this arena. Beautifully designed frames and weapons slaughter hordes of enemies with distinctive faction designs in arenas that are wonderfully constructed. On the PC, it's graphically optimized quite well so that modern machines can crank up the graphics without a terrible hit in framerate. Running on a mid range PC, I can run at high while still getting 40-50 fps. Coding for stability, however, is another issue. Patches tend to be hit and miss, often breaking parties, causing permanent loading screens, crashes, and some game breaking bugs that really hamper the experience. Most of the mission breaking issues like randomly generated maps where doors won't open have been removed, but their newest additions, archwing space missions, sometimes spawn you without your archwing, rendering you useless and forcing you to restart. These issues are becoming uncommon with further patches and hot fixes, of which there are many a week, but it is a common enough occurrence that it can really ruin an evening, or kill a 30 minute survival mission by booting you at minute 28. Without a group of friends to help you out, this game is an absolute nightmare, and once you're established there isn't a whole lot going to keep you playing. While it lasts though, Warframe is a hell of an experience, giving you a power trip like few other games can. While the challenge is largely artificial in its collectathon nature and hostile rng, its a fun ride while it lasts, and the price of admission certainly advocates for giving it a try.
game-hours: 403.1
review: Update 14 has really made the beginning of the game more playable. I would absolutely recommend it now. Pros: Lots of customizations You get to feel like you earned your new gear Plenty of variety Interesting gamemodes Great opportunities for teamwork Each update brings a brand new UI Cons: Crafting new stuff *sometimes* requires days of grinding Crafting things also takes time (i.e. 12 hours, 24 hours, 3 days, etc) You only get a limited number of weapon and character slots People can pay to buy pretty much anything with real money, which sort of kills the sense of accomplishment for people who earned their gear
game-hours: 896.7
review: Let's see here... Pros - A ton of content that will keep you entertained for hundreds of hours. - Frequent updates and hotfixes bringing out even more content and bug fixes. - Extremely good developers and staff. - Awesome community (very few scumbags, unlike other games *cough* APB:R). - Pretty damn hard to be "P2W" everything is accessible through grinding. - Great graphics and optimization. - Amazing in-depth modding of weapons. - Amazing combat system . - Aside from weapon customization, there's plenty of vanity items and customization of warframes, sentinels and now lisets to make everything look sexy :3. - The currency that is bought with real money, "Platinum", is not too expensive but could be cheaper (It's also obtainable from others through trading prime parts of weapons and warframes, mods and other various items). - Player hosted games, can sometimes keep lag at bay. - A huge variety of different Warframes with unique abilities. - Can change from different servers in just a few clicks (Europe, Asia, NA East, NA West...) - Although the enemies are the same, there is quite a wide range of missions to pick from (Mobile Defence, Defence, Survival, Rescue, Spy, Capture.. these are just a few). Cons - To many players (including myself) it may be a pro, but the game is ultra grindy and can take quite some time to obtain the items you want. - Although not game-breaking, there are few bugs which can really get on your nerves, ie. going into a mission and insta failing, being stuck in loading screens and so on (though with frequent hotfixes these bugs will most likely be fixed before anyone reads this). - Only 3 enemy factions leads to overly boring/grindy missions. - The daily login reward system is terrible, I can't tell you how many times i've had sentinel, secondary, warframe, primary and melee xp rewards after logging in for 2+ months straight. Summary I really can't think of many more points, overall I say this is a great game, if you haven't already download it and try it for yourself.
game-hours: 469.3
review: Space Ninja's. Need I say more? This is a freaking awesome game, I have been playing it since just after closed beta. They are really working hard on it and for it still being in Beta -- it's very playable. It's free so I highly suggest downloading it and trying it if you are skeptical. Like I said -- Space Ninja's.
game-hours: 3.0
review: I Think This game looks great i cant wait to play it,442.8 mbs in wish me luck.
game-hours: 52.4
review: Parkour space ninjas. Can't argue with that. TIP: The more you run around like a downy without their leash, the more you win.
game-hours: 9.4
review: Dis game is fun. Lyke minecraft but more better than sd
game-hours: 23.3
review: I <3 this free game
game-hours: 4.9
review: Fun cooperative experience with very fluid and friendly controls, wrapped in beautiful visuals powered by nicely optimized engine.
game-hours: 280.3
review: gay
game-hours: 791.4
review: The game is a lot of fun but repetitive so it can get boring fast. Its a lot more fun if you play with friends so that its less boring. At a certain point progressing does require you to pay for more weapon or frame slots. If you don't then you will have to trash , remake and lvl up what you already have to continue progressing your rank. Lucky the slots aren't expensive.
game-hours: 91.9
review: farmville 3
game-hours: 166.5
review: Very fun game and extremely addictive. I highly recommend it,
game-hours: 84.8
review: Space. Ninjas. Space ninjas.
game-hours: 111.0
review: Dont forget your visa if the Grineer come around. Ignorance is no excuse for an expired document.
game-hours: 7.2
review: very fun and you can slice people in half
game-hours: 4.8
review: The Badass Simulator. 9/10
game-hours: 11.2
review: good
game-hours: 468.4
review: Not even Captain Bright made me this happy.
game-hours: 837.9
review: I have a positive opinion of WarFrame. You can have access to missions thanks to higher level players, an there is a huge range of customizations for your avatar/Warframe. I also want to point out that u can have multiple Warframes in order to experiment which is the best for your kind of playing style. It's really good and I strongly recommend it!
game-hours: 25.7
review: Completely rehauled game, and to top it up, it's optimised too! Love the graphics, the gameplay and fighting experience too. Recommened for ones with Sci-Fi Fighter feel.
game-hours: 20.5
review: It's a really great and awesome game! :D Problem is, you still need to register at the original website.. :p But to those who are having doubts.. I tell you this........ DOWNLOAD IT! >:3
game-hours: 76.0
review: if you want to be a freaking space ninja with guns, and have stealth elements this is the game for you
game-hours: 567.8
review: it's...just...so...FUN
game-hours: 131.4
review: Its a amazing and wonderful game, full of action, adventure, and that splash of violence that just makes it great. Though in the first few days or months (depending how much you play) it is difficult, mainly in money and resources, but that will soon end, and best of all, you don't have to worry that much about upgrading, since all warframes have unique abilities and traits to decide on! So I would definitly recomend this game, but for people who don't like 3rd-person view, space travel guns, lazers, swords, bows, robots, and NINJAS!!!, turn your head and find a different game.
game-hours: 14.2
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 192.2
review: Grinding and Running Simulator Space Ninjas with energy guns so much HATE with laggs and crushes with weak notebook why love this game? qooo~
game-hours: 12.0
review: Awesome game. Great graphics. Good gameplay. Everyone should try it.
game-hours: 675.0
review: - Story - "They were called Tenno. Warriors of blade and gun: masters of the Warframe armor. Those that survived the old war were left drifting among the ruins. Now they are needed once more. The Grineer, with their vast armies, are spreading throughout the solar system. A call echoes across the stars summoning the Tenno to an ancient place. They summon you. Allow the Lotus to guide you. She has rescued you from your cryostasis chamber and given you a chance to survive. The Grineer will find you; you must be prepared. The Lotus will teach you the ways of the Warframes and the secrets to unlocking their powers. Come Tenno, you must join the war." I think in my opinion is one of the best F2P games I ever played.It has: weapons, space ninjas, Archwing, character costumization, santinels, your very own pet (called Kubrow) and more. The best advice I can give you is: take your time and don't buy everything you see on market.Almost everything you see there can be created/optained through hard wark and patience. I definitely recommend this game to anyone that is looking for this kind of games...That's it, now excusie me, I need to get back and save the humanity.
game-hours: 6.9
review: Want Destiny? Play this instead, save yourself $60
game-hours: 2.6
review: Most graphicaly detailed mmo ive ever seen. love the game play. having a sword and bow in space is a fun new spin. I found that the mouse sensitivety is more sensetive than a menstrating teenage girl who was just dumped on prom night, even after i turned it down almost to zero. this gives the illision of extreme lag which can piss you off. everything is also shaped weird, as in enemies and such. like there armor is plated over bursting tummours which have serverly deformed them, but this keeps the game interestin and fresh. runs pretty smoothly.
game-hours: 155.1
review: Game rocks :D Maybe the best ninja game ever
game-hours: 100.8
review: I heard this game was repetetive and even early on I can see how people say that, but it looks like there's a lot of depth to it and it's interesting enough I'm gonna keep playing for a while.
game-hours: 810.7
review: Warframe is the best game i played so far on STEAM ! IT has amazing graphich and the best gameplay that is evolveing every day.But it has repetiv ad that is its only downfall.But when you surpass that its amazing.You can chose betvine 100 weapons(fireing and meele) and dosens of sutis with their uniq powers!!! SO LOG IN AND HAVE FUN
game-hours: 907.3
review: well... after more than 400 hours of playing this on steam and another 200 of playing on their louncher, I can say that the game got me. Though it gets repetitive, if you can look over that and become part of the community, you'll never get bored of it.
game-hours: 16.4
review: This game is the greatest. It's like halo, assasin's creed, and destiny had a child and it was an mmorpg.
game-hours: 4.1
review: Warframe isn't like every FPS or Third Person Shooter Game, Its based in the Future or whatever the  its based in with some aliens or mutants or Something, Where you can use your sword to cut ppl in Half, Slice and Dice, Or shoot peoples heads off, Pew Pew. P.S Hugs 5$
game-hours: 806.2
review: i think this is the best game i have ever played i usally finsh a long game in a about 300 hours but this game i have nearly got 400 hours into it and im not even a quater way through it is a great game for users that like sci-fi third person shooters well you dont even have to be into sci-fi to play this game.
game-hours: 1024.1
review: PLAY WARFRAME! SO FUN!!
game-hours: 3.2
review: Brilliant co operative shooter many different classes, not my type of game but hey I recommend it
game-hours: 5.0
review: very fun for online and offline play with great graphics and very fun gameplay
game-hours: 452.6
review: Play this game! It's awsome!
game-hours: 11.4
review: I downloaded this game a long time ago but almost as soon as I got in the game I exited out and deleted it because the blur was just too much. I see now that it looks a little better so i would try it out if I were you.
game-hours: 250.8
review: two words ... SPACE NINJAS!!!
game-hours: 56.2
review: GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 530.7
review: I love this game, recomended for you all gamers
game-hours: 4.8
review: 3 263552663333.416363.-5205203.63.413.-52063. 2 3 32 2.3.3.252341356 7777777777777777 23
game-hours: 237.5
review: STRENGHT TO THE GRINEER!
game-hours: 1.6
review: its a fun game :3
game-hours: 409.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 672.6
review: Ninjas in space?  Yeah!!! Back to 90's.
game-hours: 881.0
review: one of the best free to plays i think i have ever played including demos and mods. And to those who say its pay to win. dont listen to them they are just trolling the review its actually quite balanced. first 3 free classes are some of the most powerful ones. Now if you want to spend $10 usd than go ahead get a new class. But all you are buying is a completly diffrent skill set. All classes have their own uniqe play style so do you're homework and look them up on the warframe website.
game-hours: 92.6
review: Great Game!!
game-hours: 221.9
review: This game is a completely epic mix of Assasians Creed, Gears of War, and Star Wars. For anyone who can't picture that, it is a third person, co-op, own-the-bots, lazers-everywhere, space-ninja, and its free-to-play  well. ALL IN ONE FLIPPIN AMAZING GAME. Oh, ad the graphics are pretty nice too...
game-hours: 115.2
review: The developers worked really hard to let us kill some ing alliens, good job ! 10/10 !
game-hours: 526.1
review: When it comes to F2p (free to play) games people often tread carefuly as for the regular pitfalls (pay now and not get stuck in que and have a real game experience) Warframe however seams to be apart from most f2p games in this regard a fun "run and gun" game style that is easy to learn and takes some time to be good at . A great CooP game for some mates
game-hours: 16.2
review: Great, but it's one hell of a grind fest...
game-hours: 103.4
review: excelent game
game-hours: 1017.0
review: It's okay, I play only it in my spare time ^_~.
game-hours: 14.0
review: Solid for a FTP
game-hours: 0.6
review: Fifteen apples in my baggage I am cabbage
game-hours: 1858.3
review: ONE OF THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 5.1
review: good game!!!
game-hours: 211.4
review: This game is fun at first but each level is basically 1 of 4 maps and it gets really boring
game-hours: 47.5
review: excellent game, i totally recomend this for players that look for an gmae with lots of action and new combat systems and a lot of diversity within all clases.
game-hours: 293.5
review: The most fun you can have for free! Hands down the best third preson shooter I have ever played.
game-hours: 29.9
review: just call me fred durst cuz im rollin rollin rollin rollin
game-hours: 921.0
review: Space Ninjas with magic. do you really need to know more? this is a really good game and I love how anything you'd need to better your play style be it mods, warframes, or weapons, you can earn. where as the only thing you have to spend money on is asthetics like color pallets and syanadas. but of course if you're market savy you really don't need to spend money to get plat :P
game-hours: 1157.1
review: Hoppas du jgillar ninja skillz, fr att annars trycker jag upp en skana i ditt  - 9/10
game-hours: 153.2
review: A good game, but you have to grind for alot of stuff.
game-hours: 853.6
review: You can change the colour of your weapon.
game-hours: 85.7
review: Warframe, the ultimate 'free to play' game. This game has brought me and my friends much fun from just defeating a unlimited amount of hordes that consist aliens known as either the Corpus or Grineer. While playing this game, I wondered why this game is for free? it has desired gameplay, good graphics, and incrediable looking weapons. As well while knowing that you can spend cash on items; it's best not to, since you can already unlock after completeing certain objectives if your patient. For the designing company who made this, thank you, for my laptop is just lucky enough to play this Apple of Eden. An the only negatives I can see this game are that the game can get boring if your not fond of having to repeat the same goals - though I've come to understand that most games' are, therefore I enjoy this game. 8.7/10
game-hours: 583.3
review: The story is terrible, the graphics are good but not anything special, the gameplay is repetetive and requires a lot of 'grinding' to get anywhere. However for some reason its my favourite game and i find it completely addictive, it might be the space ninja robots, it might the super fun movement system or vast array of weapons and characters, i'm not sure but i love it. 9/10!
game-hours: 14.0
review: This game is really good, and not good good, but so good, it will explode your brain *Don't take it too literally tho* Its about you, a Tenno, which will stand up, and kill everyone.. Well, not everyone, but most of the enemies, including the Grineer, so this game, is just a freerun run&gun magic game, interesting boss-fights, and new-player friendly, which is always good. It gives you the freedom of crafting your own gun, hence you got the blueprint and the required materials, which are sometimes hard to find, but sometimes as simple of killing everyone and farming the crap out of it :D The gameplay is hard to master in my opinion, as in the beginning, even if its new-player friendly, the running and shooting mechanics can be hard to master, but if you just put some time in it (Sadly, i don't really have that much time for it because of real life stuff) it will get easier. Its beautiful, with great graphich, and even a low-end pc can run it on low settings. Overall, a great game, still some room for improvement on some parts of it, but, for the most of it, its an amazing game, worth the shot to play :)
game-hours: 296.2
review: SHOOT EVERYONE
game-hours: 2.3
review: This is fun co-op game, would reccommend to my friends.
game-hours: 151.9
review: Only a ninja can stop a ninja
game-hours: 6.7
review: I've been playing this game since beta firstly came out as f2p, and game was good then but really boring, no trading, few warframes, a lot of bugs and i still got till 30th lvl before I've decided to stop. Few days ago few mates and me saw it on steam and install it again, I found my old acc and started playing again. GAME IS AWESOME NOW. The amount of bugs they cleared, stuff in stores, game mods, lvl's, optimtization's and basicly gave mostly what people asked for, they are active on forums, answering Q&A and very helpfull. Love their blogs in which they love to tease and give people news about stuff they are working on etc. Get it, great game, much fun, if you have few friends, start a clan and fight.
game-hours: 593.8
review: Free to Play Space Ninja Parkour Simulator. Attach potatoes to your ninja and weapons to enhance.
game-hours: 13.7
review: It's a game.
game-hours: 87.7
review: Great game requiring skills which are easily developed once played for hours... Although pvp's system sucks, the overall game is just magnificent.
game-hours: 135.5
review: this game..is awesome. everything can be crafted in game without using real money, it will just take a lot of farming, but hey, that adds to the longevity of the game. PLUS it gives you a chance to level up your warframe and gear. i find it alot of fun. at first i thought this game sucked cause i didnt understand it. give is a try and look up on thi excelent community wiki if you ever have questions. i hope to see you in game :)
game-hours: 5.2
review: Not Bad
game-hours: 251.7
review: Just Amazing
game-hours: 52.1
review: Very nice
game-hours: 15.9
review: Good Game.
game-hours: 19.7
review: I love the graphics in this game for one, they put a lot of unneeded detail into this game, not quite as much detail for its generation as metroid 3, which still surpasses graphics in many games currently being created though it was for the wii. I also love the combat style, and really everything else. My only complaint is how annoying it is to unlock everything, however that annoyance makes this game fun.
game-hours: 25.0
review: The Short Version: The Best 3rd Person Shooter Game I've Played. 9.5/10 With very minimal pay 2 win elements, this game is bred for success. With elements from Halo, Assassin's Creed, and Diablo, this game adds an exciting mixture of Space Combat, Parkour, and Looting. You buy blueprints to build various guns and items as your journey through procedurally generated levels where no playthrough is the same. Though you grind, with friends and effort, your grinding will be fruitful. After 11.2 hours of gameplay today, I experienced bugs only on one level, which I've played easily 30 different worlds, each taking a nice variety of successes and failures, triumphs and losses. Not only are there different levels, there's different game types. You can run into a place and your mission is to kill everyone, or to spy and gather intellegence, or assassinations where your try to take out a war master. More will be added in the future. Thanks for reading, I hope to see you in game!
game-hours: 148.1
review: shooting weird aliens 10/10
game-hours: 734.8
review: This game is really engaging and offers endless hours of gameplay. What I really like about Warframe is that you can choose everything you want to do, there is no set questline or mission that you have to follow in order to progress. I mean, who doesn't like space ninjas with guns?
game-hours: 6.7
review: A true to Free to Play Game-- This is probably going to be "Destiny" for the Steam Box when it gets really going (LOL, they have spaceships for your solider and drop you into combat). Controller Support is there for in gameplay and works really well, but you need a mouse and keyboard for some of the menus out of game. Sigh, with just a couple of more tweaks "full controller" should work. Play through is like Boarderlands, a team goes against AI, grinds, etc. Weapons are up to you to craft through a meta collectable card trade system. People trade online stuff, but I have yet to trade myself. Community and finding matches is pretty awesome as of this review. Free to Play-- Yes, its a full functional free to play game with an incredible solar system to explore. The story can keep you engaged, and the grinding is pretty intense. Premium Content 29.99 (Steam) 49.99 (Their Site)-- I have no clue if it's worth it, and I don't know where this game will be heading as how it handles the community and it's content. Still fun to play so far for free.
game-hours: 284.7
review: Space ninjas! They're SPACE NINJAS! What other reason do you need?
game-hours: 32.0
review: Interesting game, I like the ninja aspect of how the game tries to show itself to players, and the graphics are really amazing!!
game-hours: 364.5
review: Have you ever played a Facebook game and thought, "Wow, this is really boring and makes me feel like a filthy casual"? Have you ever played an FPS with a protagonist rocking a crew-cut and QTEs and thought, "Man, this videogame about shooting dudes is great [note: no it's not], but I sure wish I could run like a sweet- ninja to the other wall"? Have you ever bought a videogame and thought, "Oh my god this cost way too much money for how much I get out of it"? TRY WARFRAME! IT'S FREE, YOU CHEAP, CHEAP PERSON YOU. You are a magic robot ghost thing (maybe) who just woke up from a really long nap, and the dudes who woke you up are trying to put holes in you. With their guns. Lucky for you, you woke up inside of a Warframe [note: this is what the game is named after], which is basically a robot ninja body which bleeds for some reason. Even more luckily for you, your hot psychic magic robot ghost mom (maybe) notices you're awake and tells you how to use your cyber-Naruto body. SPOILER ALERT: You escape. Then you proceed to do missions across the Solar System for dosh and swag, which you use to fashion glocks and katanas and more immediately useful swag. You can even make new mecha-magical Musashi bodies to walljump and phsysics-engine-abuse teleport-jump over dudes with. It's not pay2win, but it IS pay2winfaster. Making stuff takes time. Like "12 hours" time. Or longer, if you're making a new techno-Ryu Hayabusa to jump around in. Spending the IRL currency-based currency, of which you get a little bit for free, can make that go faster (don't use it for that). You can also outright buy sick new weapons or frames or resources (don't use it for that, unless you decide to get the Prime packs, Richie Rich). You can also buy more slots for the number of Warfames you're allowed, or number of weapons (SPEND IT ON THESE YOU WILL THANK ME LATER). Overall though, the game is fun if you run it with friends. But not Public Matchmaking. Those jerks will vanish a million miles ahead of you, kill everything, then call you fat while they wait for you to get to the mission exit. Use only if you want to roflstomp a mission or need endurance/distractions/ablative armor. 420/10 pretty dank would buy again
game-hours: 255.4
review: this game is rad as all hell so like, you're a Space Ninja and you run around shooting Bad Guys with Space Guns. right so already this is mega-badass, but here's the thing, you get space shurikens. thats right son. cyber ninja stars. so alright you're sold but you gotta be saying "this is too good to be true" NOPE. you also get a sweet  ninja jetpack that lets you fly around in space, as a ninja, and shoot Space Baddies with your sweet space laser. for real. and its free.
game-hours: 812.2
review: Awesome game 10/10
game-hours: 867.3
review: Ninjas in space, enough said
game-hours: 473.3
review: Now, you can be a space ninja from space... The Gist: Pros - Fun as hell. Easy as hell. Free as hell. In depth and intense as hell Cons - PvP is hell. Hell is not a theme of this game Definitely worth trying... Elaboration: First off, this game isn't as much "ninja sneaky sneaky, stabbby stabby, shuriken throwing smoke bombs" as much as it "Samurai slashy slashy, shooty shooty, plasma bomb throwing time stopping stomp"... It is an anime fighting game without the sharp hairdos and boobs bouncing all over the place. Which is a let down to some. But fear not. It is fun and intense. There is a lot to say about this game. Two of the major points are 1.) You don't have to pay a cent 2.) You are going to pay more than just a cent. The reason for this contradicting statement is this; The game allows you to work for any of the items or characters in the game, but overdriving items is impossible without some payment and you can't color customize your ninja robot suit without buying a color scheme first (btw if you do play it, just buy the 'classic saturated' color set, it's all you need). This game has; Crafting, Grinding, PvP, Mini quests, 2 companions (a robot thingy and a dog), Boss fights, both melee weapons and ranged weapons, free running ( kind of ), a party of 4 players, build your own Dojo, build you own defense system platform thing, so much blood, abilities and a ninja suit specific ultimate ability. Theres probably some stuff Im forgetting. This game is something different, and you should for sure download it and give it a try. I'm not disappointed at the $15 I spent on this game so far. It's fun and keeps me coming back and it's not because of the daily login rewards or new shiny content, but because there is a lot to do and level up and it doesn't get old. There are so many god damned weapons to try out and make and max out that it is impossible to put a playtime value to this game. If i had to it would be: Forever. The PvP at the moment is just . Its not balanced. Maxed out weapons one shot people. Some abilities are way too powerful and overpower the arena completely. And there will come a time when you are going to enter an instance and not see a single enemy, because the maxed out er flew ahead of you and blew up the map. blew. up. the. map... I've been that blow-the-map-up guy as well. .-. itsh pretty fun ... But you'll get over it, there is a solo matchmaking option and if you've got a friend or two you guys can just jam together. This game keeps growing, and I think it will continue to grow. A brilliant new twist on a FPS that brings in elements of a dungeon grinding game. Try it. I mean, it's free to play so why not? right?
game-hours: 9.4
review: Much Doge, very play
game-hours: 1153.6
review: My Excalibur can wear a moustache! 11/10
game-hours: 293.2
review: Potato farming simulator
game-hours: 9.6
review: Great game, played it on my other Steam account heaps :)
game-hours: 5.4
review: If you like endless grinding look no further.
game-hours: 30.8
review: excellent co-op, lots of updates, packs are a bit over priced though.
game-hours: 35.5
review: In Warframe, you play as a Tenno, a member of a species of ancient warriors that have reemerged to lay waste to the various nefarious species populating the solar system. Your foes include the Grineer, a jackbooted army of deteriorating humanoid clones; the Corpus, a mix-and-match crew of robotic and human parts; and the Infestation, a bunch of shambling organic creatures that vaguely resemble the Flood from the Halo series. While your enemies are visually uninteresting, a lot of the Tenno suits and weapons have a great sense of style that imbues Warframe with a spark of personality. Each species has a cursory backstory, and there is some lore to be found buried in the menus, but there's no narrative thrust or intrigue to speak of. And so you run mission after mission, moving outward from the sun as you level up your loadout and become a more proficient killer. The core combat of Warframe is straightforward. This is a third-person action game in which you wield two primary weapons and a melee weapon against foes who are largely content to come right at you. You also gain suit powers that allow you to dash and slash through a bunch of enemies, or stun all foes within a certain radius, though these abilities can change drastically depending on what suit you equip. You could unleash fiery maelstroms, turn invisible, create a decoy, use teleportation to switch places with an enemy, or manipulate your foes to fight against their allies. Acquiring new suits, however, requires a significant investment of time or money (more on this later). Regardless of what powers you have equipped, you can often wage effective war against your enemies by firing on them from a distance, then slicing up the ones who manage to get close. This tactic grows tiresome after a while, however, and doesn't serve you well as you take on tougher levels. Fortunately, you can combine your ability to jump, sprint, and crouch into an acrobatic array of slides, flips, jump kicks, wall runs, leaping slashes, and more. Though there's a certain rigidity to your movement, your mobility is one of the most interesting and enjoyable things about Warframe, and it's fun to zip around your enemies, slashing and shooting until the only ones left standing are your fellow Tenno. 7/10
game-hours: 755.4
review: It's the first F2P game that I have tried that could be a lot of fun without spending any money. Because, instead of pitting you against other players that may have payed a lot of money to max out their warframe, your in a team in a variety of different coop gamemodes against AI controlled opponents. Although, without paying, it does take a long time to be able to earn the XP and farm what you need to acquire new weapons and abilities. The game has a lot of depth, but it's easy enough to jump into a game and learn as you go. There is a good variety of mission types. Some of the mission types are better for achieving specific goals. The levels are randomized using tilesets and different enviroments (frozen, normal or burning) using sections that fit together. This provides a little different experience each time you play a level, but can still be repetitive since some tilesets will repeat and it's easy to learn the tilesets once you have been through them a few dozen times. The game however, does make it so difficult to acquire desired weapons and abilities that most will end up spending money on them in the market. Pros: - Fun F2P game that works well without spending money because it uses teams of players in cooperative gameplay against AI opponents. So, having players of different levels works out well. - Good variety of levels and mission types with randomzied map layouts that makes it impossible to learn a map - Simple to get started, but hidden complexity adds to gameplay. - Maps can be played publicly, just with friends, or solo. Cons: - Takes a lot of time to get new weapons and abilities without spending money - Without spending money, your weapons and warframe slots are limited. - Linear gameplay, with only one route to the objectives. - No vehicle use. - The random levels can be repetitive. - There is not a lot of help through the learning curve. For example, how are you supposed to know that you have to complete the planets assasination mission to unlock another planet? - Currently the game connects using peer to peer instead of a server, so your at the mercy of whomever is chosen as the Host and if the Host disconnects all the players are disconnected and lose everything from the misssion which can be very frustrating. Hopefully, dedicated servers will eventually be used. - Except for specific mission completion awards, all other awards are found randomly. - Difficult to acquire desired items without purchasing them in the market. - Takes a lot of time to earn the experience to unlock the desired weapons.
game-hours: 249.8
review: hours opon hours of fun 10/10
game-hours: 1429.3
review: Warframe grows on you the more you play...
game-hours: 16.6
review: I r t3h ninja. 11/9 Scratch that. This game is really fun but its a free2pay game (not play, pay!) You can't get anywhere unless you are either playing with friends or you spend a bunch of money on weapons that you don't need! Like seriously people, spend your money on something wortwhile like a slurpee. Even though it's a pay to win game, it still has fun mechanics and gameplay and surprisingly good graphics. Overall I give this a 7/10
game-hours: 202.5
review: Has guns with ballsacks 10/10
game-hours: 132.1
review: you guys, this game is great
game-hours: 6.3
review: Gets me almost as horny as Ariana Grande's Break Free.
game-hours: 517.2
review: I'm up and down on this game at the moment, I have not played it since day one however I have played it enough to know what I am talking about. This game is a grind, and a serious one. I'm currently just about 2000 mastery points from level 7. To be honest, I don't like the mastery point system which is how you go up in level. It requires you to experience the game via (using new weapons, warframes, playing different nodes) in order to unlock more powerful weapons. In which case you are out in nodes playing for hours hoping you get the right items in oder to make your new weapons and warframes to go up in mastery level. The combat system is pretty plain, 3rd person shooter with some mobility perks, + 4 hotkey skills unique to each warframe in it's own. When it comes to upgrading, you're hoping you get lucky to find the right upgrade that you need in order to make the right elemental combos or getting enough damage upgrade mods to be able to take on the higher tier enemies. If anything, if you want to play this game and you think it looks cool than by all means play it. If you do and you don't like it than thats how you feel do not let my opinion change your mind. It's free, it's not pay to win as everything you get in game can be aquired by playing the game. I have 300+ hours, I like it, spent about $100 on it, I enjoy it.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Boss
game-hours: 301.3
review: I spent 6 hours playing this game affter downloading it . I was so amused by the game desing. I couldn't stop thinking about this game after playing it. So go ahead Try it !
game-hours: 6.4
review: ausome u can uhhh... revive yo self so cooh right? ya yay shut up mr mackey...mkay anyway ya u can revive yo self and ninjas play free good job im a ninja im freakin JEBUS I HAD SEX WIT YO MOM YO THINK DAT AINT OWSOME WELL IM MARRIED TO JENIFFER LAWRENCE well i used to till i killed her dad cos he borrowed my destiny and lost it so i 360 triple noscoped him and thats why im single again wait was only like a quarter of that about the game? damnit! WHY MOM WHY oh ya uhhh if u want to be my stripper add meh then we has a lap dance see ya!
game-hours: 16.1
review: zayebiste!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 11.8
review: its epicccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
game-hours: 158.2
review: A lot of fun and pewpew action for f2p game. You cant lose there.
game-hours: 168.7
review: Toatly awesome free mmo you have to try it (dont use excaliber)
game-hours: 3.6
review: 10/10 IGN!
game-hours: 147.0
review: This game is absolutely hands down the best free to play game there is on the market right now. The best way I can describe the actual gameplay of this game is a Sci-Fi Third Person Shooter RPG Gauntlet Legends. It has RPG character building elements with an Arcade feel, really making it feel like you can jump in or leave at any time you want to. What's refreshing about this game though is that character levels don't necessarily mean that you can't play with your friends if say you're overleveled or if they are just getting started, and this also applies to missions. Anybody can join any of their friends, wherever the are, and at whatever level. This ultimately makes for a desirable gaming experience unique to RPG games. Now I know what you're thinking, "Every free to play game is pay to win." Nope. Spending money in this game doesn't give any gameplay benefit over those who don't. However, if you want to have slots for more than 2 characters and a couple of weapons, you will eventually have to pay money. So it's not really "Pay to win", per say, it's more "Pay to have access to more things and get things sooner." But most importantly, the game doesn't feel incomplete despite it being a free to play game, which means that eventually paying money for it doesn't feel like you're spending it on a free to play game. I personally found that I was just unlocking the full game by paying for it. As an added bonus, the game dev's like what they are doing, and they all happen to be gamers themselves.
game-hours: 73.0
review: fast paced spaceninja action.
game-hours: 1269.1
review: Fast phase running gunning/slashing affair!!! 7/10
game-hours: 52.6
review: this game....... I love it
game-hours: 1273.6
review: It is worth playing even though i play for few months,it makes me feel like a grinding game and if u have patience,this game is for u =)
game-hours: 219.1
review: So bright that hurts my eyes 10/10
game-hours: 47.2
review: Do you like PvE? Do you like Grindan? Do you have friends to play games with? Shooting baddies all day? If you answered yes to all four, then play this game.
game-hours: 57.8
review: realy good game
game-hours: 12.7
review: This game is a fun game that links with the Xbone and PS4 and is kinda like destiny in a way, overall a good game
game-hours: 295.5
review: Proof that metascores don't matter. Like roger ebert's opinion on movies. You can choose to play the game and enjoy it, or like the critics you can give it a 67 without even recording 1 hour of playing time.
game-hours: 11.1
review: This game has a great potential, not the best game out there but a very good one! 7.5/10
game-hours: 205.9
review: If you have a pack of friends to go with you, this game will be a blast. Everything is simple enough so you don't need to worry too much, but still complex enough so that you have room to learn to improve your gameplay and character build. Movement is very well done and flows nicely. Though, don't dive in expecting a grand story behind the game. Warframe is a solid 8/10 game. For a F2P game, it is very well done, and has a lot for you to do.
game-hours: 4.6
review: its fun
game-hours: 831.6
review: I'd pay for this game without regrets! PLAY IT!
game-hours: 0.9
review: Uh Not too sure what to write here so heres a recipe for Pancakes instead Ingredients: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour 3 tablespoons sugar 1 tablespoon baking powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg 2 large eggs, at room temperature 1 1/4 cups milk, at room temperature 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed Now to make it 1. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg. 2. In another bowl, beat the eggs and then whisk in the milk and vanilla. 3. Melt the butter in a large cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat. 4. Whisk the butter into the milk mixture. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed 5. Keeping the skillet at medium heat, ladle about 1/4 cup of the batter onto the skillet, to make a pancake. Make 1 or 2 more pancakes, taking care to keep them evenly spaced apart. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. Serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter to the skillet as needed. 6. Procedure for adding fruit to pancakes: Once the bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, scatter the surface with sliced or diced fruit, or chocolate chips, nuts, etc. Flip with a spatula and cook for 1 minute more, being careful not to burn toppings.
game-hours: 163.9
review: it's ok
game-hours: 272.5
review: Warfram is a solid co op shooter. The shooting is fun but the it takes ages to unlock anything and the ai is . but with amazing combat and cool aesthetics i can over look some of these flaws 7.5/10
game-hours: 375.5
review: This game is awesome! It made my eyeballs explode.
game-hours: 150.4
review: very differnt and unique game
game-hours: 329.6
review: You shoot the exact same bad guys over and over. Your only real goal is to get better gear to kill said bad guys. Somehow, this game is still beautiful in every way.
game-hours: 3.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1094.6
review: Oh wow this game looks pretty cool, let's check it ou- OHGOD IM A SPACE NINJA SHOOTING LIGHTNING OUT OF A MAGNUM WHILE POWER SLIDING WITH A FLAMING TWO HANDED AXE AFTER BACKFLIPPING OFF OF A TWO-STORY HIGH WALL AND CHOPPING SOME SUCKER TO PIECES AND STEALING HIS SOUL. RUBYDOO. TACTICAL PUMP. SANIC SPEED RACER MARIO KART. ELECTRIFY THE WORLD. MUST FARM CREDITS TO BUY BLUEPRINTS TO EARN BLUEPRINTS TO EARN OTHER BLUEPRINTS TO FARM MORE. There is no life. Only Warframe.
game-hours: 295.3
review: Brilliant game. It's free, but if people so desire they can pay to advance further; or not. You'll still enjoy it. A mixture of tactical third-person shooting and fast-paced free-running and melee combat, this game has community-minded features such as clans and alliances, and gamewise it's got a huge number of varied mission types, playstyles and gear. Aesthetically, it's beautiful. You don't need a diamond encrusted Alienware to run this at top graphics settings. Almost everything looks good, and it runs very smoothly on most systems. An excellent plot, voice acting and mission selection, modding and inventory system. Add the fact that it is still technically in development, meaning that there's constantly new content coming in, and you've got a masterpiece in the making. I've enjoyed this game since Beta, and have done so with spending a very little amount of money as a Founder to support the development. I would advise anyone who can get this to do so. You've got nothing to lose, and a lot to gain.
game-hours: 94.8
review: Great game for ninja lovers (like me) The Parkour system's a bit glitchy but ok 80% free 20% p2w Good weapons 9.1/10 keep up the good work
game-hours: 3.7
review: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
game-hours: 806.8
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 23.4
review: Nice grapichs and skill for fps game.. But, this game have bad grapichs for ai.. I hope steam can fix that..
game-hours: 422.6
review: this is a brillant game for sc-fi action lovers played 8h on my first day would recommend!
game-hours: 1.9
review: I have only one question, how can this game be free of charge?
game-hours: 680.8
review: If you wanna try this game, go ahead. It's fun to goof around as a space ninja/cowboy with 1 or maybe 2 people (not 3) but dont give the developers any money, they don't deserve it. One of the few games I can geunienly say gets worse each update. In brief the Developers are not good people. Continously adding ludicrous amounts of paid material, and a increasingly huge amount of grind to get everything else per update are only a couple of the faults in this game. Initially, when I started this game, it was fun to gather resources, buy a blueprint and craft a weapon. These things only made it more fun when you unleashed your shiny new toy on the enemies in the game. now there are tons of weapons you cant get unless youre in a clan, which requires craploads of time to build a dojo for IN ADDITION to gathering resources and waiting 72 hours to access. An most of the weapons worth anything require materials that EXPIRE OVER TIME. Couple this with the unbalanced and assenine boss designs and PVP modes, and you've got a shabby game. Another thing that makes no sense is the whole "Prime access" thing they do all the time. Every time they release a new "Prime" frame (Prime means it a slight variation with a couple tiny attribute changes and some gold decals on it) they release another Prime Access package, where you can IMMEDIATLEY unlock this shiny new frame, and its shiny weapons for more than the price of a standalone game. It's like something EA would do. Even the "Events" in the game are a chore. You have to be following the game on a social network or forum to find out about it if you arent playing 24/7, and they usually introduce some new stupid gimmick came modes and exclusive junk to unlock that gets out classed by the paid equipment by the next update. Playing warframe is an exercise in futility, so play it at your own risk.
game-hours: 8.8
review: I feel like this falls under the category of overhyped; I got bored with the combat and mission grinding not even 4 hours into the game. I mean, don't get me wrong; the concept is great. I love the whole idea of this game. I've seen the classes in action and I love it all. But it's once again, one of those games where you can just dump your money all over it and already have everything in the damn game. You get a small selection of classes at the start of your playthrough, and you'll quickly want to try out the new classes. However, getting the materials necessary for getting another class in the game requires a massive amount of work and time; I had to buy a blueprint for a blueprint so I could make the blueprint just for another frickin' class to play! Then getting the right material to make this one blueprint required fighting a boss that spawned on one world, and it had like a 3% chance of dropping. Then crafting the actual crap together would literally take DAYS in real time. Whereas I could've just dropped about a hundred bucks and already have that class and a load of weapons/items for it in no time at all! A shameless cash grab! I literally got into a game where two other players who already had everything rushed through a mission in less than two minutes and killed everything in the level with the  they just bought. Really now? Some "open beta" this game is. Don't waste your time on this crap.
game-hours: 18.0
review: its a fun game in the beginning but if you really want to get better at this game you must buy items with real money or play a lot to get better gear.But if you dont mind that its a fun game to play
game-hours: 17.0
review: Lots of detail and effort put into boring repetative gameplay. Bummer kinda. Not unplayable, many will probably find some reason to get hooked, but I couldnt.
game-hours: 5.1
review: One of the best games I've ever played.
game-hours: 855.2
review: 420/10 i love wasting my life away playing a  game
game-hours: 995.2
review: that game is so cool ! du fun des armes des warframe je l'adore j'ai depense une tonne de fric ds ce jeu mais il est vraiment trop cool , serieusement sa vaut le coup , il est connu mtn c'est grce a des gens comme zefira974 et Seb974 qui mon fait decouvrir et mon aides a me construire un avenir parfait ds ce jeu :) ( je raconte pas sa comme ma vie par hasard;) )
game-hours: 95.7
review: grind grind grind grind oh has it been 3 days huehue w.e. Yea play this game srsly good. Pay a little to have more fun its cool k.
game-hours: 421.2
review: Jedna z nejlepch her, co sem kdy hrl. Doke zabavit na hodn dlouho a nemuste tu nic platit. Velice doporuuji.
game-hours: 365.9
review: This game has a lot to offer with enjoyable gameplay and a wide variety of characters to suit anyone's interests. The developers are constantly updating the game with new features such as new weapons game types and events to keep the game fresh. This is a great game to play with up to four friends as all missions are co-op.
game-hours: 1285.2
review: Not polished enough, I want to be able to see my face. Platinum is overpriced.
game-hours: 49.1
review: F**K AWESOME GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 234.2
review: great game................need the level 2 badge, so yea..............
game-hours: 155.2
review: this game really ing hates your left pinky
game-hours: 625.3
review: This game is a Third-Person Action Shooter with lots of parkour, up-close melee combat, and plenty of powers and guns to keep each game going at a nice, fast pace. I will say this, the game will require quite a bit of time before it really becomes truly enjoyable, however recent updates have allowed players to get good loot fairly early to have an edge in battle and then allow the player to start working towards the more powerful items. Most weapons are fairly balanced (except for most beginner weapons, which are extremely weak---Don't pick up the Lato and AkLato) and with the right amount of tweaking, can be easily used for late game, but some weapons were designed to go into much further late game play. The community is probably one of the friendliest groups around as the game is more centered on PVE than PVP and most players will be on the same playing field as you, so never hesitate to ask questions and ask for help from others. The game updates very frequently and is always handing out new content, including weapons (not DLC), quests (not DLC), and enemies (not DLC). Did I mention this game has no DLCs? The only thing purchased with IRL money is just for quick advantages at earning weapons and Warframes that can be obtained in game with enough patience and some cosmetics as well, but the game is very far from Pay-To-Win as anyone can get the same advantage as everyone else, it's just a matter if you want that advantage sooner, so never feel like you're hard-pressed to purchase something. The only quirp I have against this game is that connection issues can sometimes be a hinderence, either preventing you from joining or just out-right ending the game when players join, but if you have a fairly decent connection, there isn't anything to worry about. Overall it's a fun game that is still expanding with a good community. I highly recommend this game. Besides, it's Space Ninjas! How much more awesome can that get?
game-hours: 7.2
review: Hell i love this game...The Online Campaign Feature rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1.5
review: nice
game-hours: 71.6
review: First of all, Im not a fan of These kinda MMOs grinding and typical slow lock-on spell-on-cooldown gameplay.(i like mmorpgs though) But Warframe is quite different and unique: the core gameplay is very dynamic fast paced action combining 3rd person shooter, melee fighting and magic-like abilities everything is realtime, fast, and requires some skill from a player. You go on various missions in up to 4 player teams to combat hordes of enemies that can rise in numbers and levels quickly providing you as much challenge as you can take. The movement in this game is also great: you can do many trick jumps, run on wals and almost fly around if you know what you are doing. There is even stealth which is fun and useful if you want to play solo. Now the addictive part is of course acquiring new weapons, classes (warframes) and rare mods that augument weapons and warframes. And believe me, there are so many things to get and to level up, some are hidden quite deep. There is quite a lot of grinding, but the process itself fun because the challenge escalates fast. The game is honest free2play and you can unlock everything but if you want to keep everything you will have to buy inventory slots with platinum (which is bought for real money or traded for rare mods between players, so you don't really need to spend a dime if you are willing to grind). The downside: it doesn't have a huge overworld that you can walk around and explore, like most other MMOs, just individual missions. Some things are still being polished and improved. Needs more variety in environments and missions. The game is mostly PvE focused, there is PvP but its still in ongoing development. Overall its a great game for everyone who loves action. intense horde combat and mmoarpg levelling and farming for loot Gameplay: 10 Graphics: 10 Conclave: 8 Dojo: 9 Updates: 10 Grinding: 10 Farming: 10 Replayability: 9 Story: I came to kill stuff for free Overall Score 9.8 -Matthew Olls
game-hours: 560.2
review: Your a fat giant "maybe black" nigerian elf in a robotic  costume shooting at expired milk aliens that look like they need gallons of proactive daily to survive, but then again when u slide ur giant sword up their  who needs it? Overall i think this game gives me s daily sometimes to the extent where i have repainted my living room white.
game-hours: 221.7
review: My favorite warframe is the one that wraps himself in tinfoil to stop bullets and has a eating disorder. Nah. not really it's the one that heals, the lobster looking one.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Space Ninjas VS Inbred Russian Combine. Best game ever 15/10 Actually tahts not at all what the game ois about
game-hours: 881.2
review: This game is Assy Approved with Assy seal of Awesome. You must download it.
game-hours: 1930.4
review: Ive been with this game for awhile now. For a free to play, it's as good as they come. Clans, survivals, defenses, exterminations, mobile defenses, interceptions, constant alets, solar rail wars and dark sector conflicts. Not to mention they recently added kubrows, or dogs, that can kick  along side your player instead of just robots. This game has progressivly gotten better over time. The devs love and reward feedback of all kinds. If the community hates something, it will be addressed asap. Can'y say that about many other games can you? IT IS FREE TO PLAY. You can earn every item in the game playing, and not only that, but while grinding away for weapons and loot, you will find loot other players want. Which means you can sell it for PLATINUM. Not only can you play free, but you can freely earn certain boosters and materials that are easier to buy then find, without buying ! The amount of customability on your warframe, weapons, and companions makes it pretty damn unique too. Best weapon in the game? kinda a loose term here since if you put alot of work into any wep, it will blow  away. If your feeling down on fire or passion for playing other games you own, try warframe out, just remember 3 weeks from now that you do have other games, that you payed for, that are not of this quality. Happy Hunting- Captain BAMF (Get some you space ninjas!)
game-hours: 232.6
review: Good
game-hours: 13.8
review: This game is FREAKING AMAZING!!! An amazing coop experience! The gameplay is fantastic, the graphics are beautiful, it has controller support (good for people who dislike keyboard and mouse on 3rd person games such as myself) and best of all, it's FREE!!!!!
game-hours: 8.1
review: Could only get better if you could wipe out a planet of ethiopians. Its okay though they will starve anyway.
game-hours: 162.3
review: This game is amazing for a free to play and the only bug that i have found is that once in excavation the scanner stayed at 100% power and the drill wouldn't spawn, but apart from that and a few clan dojo glitches the game runs really well 10/10.
game-hours: 528.0
review: Warframe is an amazing game for emphasizing your playstyle, each weapon is suited to a specific playstyle, or adaptive to MAKE it fit your playstyle, this also can be said about the Warframes themselves. Mods further enhance playstyle to the very elements you want to fire out of your gun! While it is a grind, after that first loadout is bought and you have a new melee, primary, and secondary weapon, it becomes a game of using awesome mods and unique effects for each gun to mow down hundreds of enemies in different ways, using abilities let's you master the flow of combat. Another thing great about this game is the animations, while they are triggered by player use on some, which can be a bit sudden, all animations look so smooth, and each weapon even has unique combos, stealth kills, finishers, and so on. I would highly recommend this game to anyone, and it's FTP, but not necessarily PTW, the developers themselves said that everything in the game (besides color packs and Excalibur Prime, the donator frame) is obtainable for free. Grinding to get a new weapon can be fun with friends, and the combat is so satisfying most of the time.
game-hours: 5.4
review: If you like endless grinding look no further.
game-hours: 30.8
review: excellent co-op, lots of updates, packs are a bit over priced though.
game-hours: 35.5
review: In Warframe, you play as a Tenno, a member of a species of ancient warriors that have reemerged to lay waste to the various nefarious species populating the solar system. Your foes include the Grineer, a jackbooted army of deteriorating humanoid clones; the Corpus, a mix-and-match crew of robotic and human parts; and the Infestation, a bunch of shambling organic creatures that vaguely resemble the Flood from the Halo series. While your enemies are visually uninteresting, a lot of the Tenno suits and weapons have a great sense of style that imbues Warframe with a spark of personality. Each species has a cursory backstory, and there is some lore to be found buried in the menus, but there's no narrative thrust or intrigue to speak of. And so you run mission after mission, moving outward from the sun as you level up your loadout and become a more proficient killer. The core combat of Warframe is straightforward. This is a third-person action game in which you wield two primary weapons and a melee weapon against foes who are largely content to come right at you. You also gain suit powers that allow you to dash and slash through a bunch of enemies, or stun all foes within a certain radius, though these abilities can change drastically depending on what suit you equip. You could unleash fiery maelstroms, turn invisible, create a decoy, use teleportation to switch places with an enemy, or manipulate your foes to fight against their allies. Acquiring new suits, however, requires a significant investment of time or money (more on this later). Regardless of what powers you have equipped, you can often wage effective war against your enemies by firing on them from a distance, then slicing up the ones who manage to get close. This tactic grows tiresome after a while, however, and doesn't serve you well as you take on tougher levels. Fortunately, you can combine your ability to jump, sprint, and crouch into an acrobatic array of slides, flips, jump kicks, wall runs, leaping slashes, and more. Though there's a certain rigidity to your movement, your mobility is one of the most interesting and enjoyable things about Warframe, and it's fun to zip around your enemies, slashing and shooting until the only ones left standing are your fellow Tenno. 7/10
game-hours: 437.7
review: Yeees the best 3rd parkour ninja game i have been looking for this game like 3months aND I finaly found it EPIC !
game-hours: 1613.9
review: Best FTP game,no PayToWin system,just PayToGetItFaster. Must play.
game-hours: 112.0
review: Prisee iha vitusti
game-hours: 26.3
review: 10/5 would fail at being a sphes njnia again
game-hours: 3.4
review: Love it
game-hours: 23.3
review: ,
game-hours: 391.3
review: Alien ninjas play free. Enjoy the meta challenge of being an alien robo ninja born out of a metallurgy factory running grind.exe and a faceless alien courtesan trains you to grind even harder.
game-hours: 413.9
review: This game is addicting and made me grind for most of my stuff.
game-hours: 367.4
review: Warframe is an interesting and innovative puzzle game. Rather than the player trying to figure out how to use the game mechanics in order to progress, the game plays itself in the player's mind. The goal is simple, you must escape the arsenal screen. Sounds easy, right? You'd be mistaken. The second you click "appearance", the game has you hooked. It will not let you go until you have the right colors. What are the right colors, exactly? You have to figure that out yourself. Buying new color pallettes will make the game either harder or easier, but the game does not tell you which ones do so. I have managed to beat this game once, playing as Valkyr. It took a few hours, but I knew I had won once I started playing a mini game (They're called "missions" in-game) and didn't compulsively feel the need to return to the "Appearance tab". At last, I had been freed. But I am still determined to beat the game with each Warframe I own. If you like games that challenge the player's mind, this is for you.
game-hours: 117.9
review: Great game where you can shoot stuff and get cool weapons especially after losing a Dota2 ranked mmr game.
game-hours: 867.3
review: Ninjas in space, enough said
game-hours: 473.3
review: Now, you can be a space ninja from space... The Gist: Pros - Fun as hell. Easy as hell. Free as hell. In depth and intense as hell Cons - PvP is hell. Hell is not a theme of this game Definitely worth trying... Elaboration: First off, this game isn't as much "ninja sneaky sneaky, stabbby stabby, shuriken throwing smoke bombs" as much as it "Samurai slashy slashy, shooty shooty, plasma bomb throwing time stopping stomp"... It is an anime fighting game without the sharp hairdos and boobs bouncing all over the place. Which is a let down to some. But fear not. It is fun and intense. There is a lot to say about this game. Two of the major points are 1.) You don't have to pay a cent 2.) You are going to pay more than just a cent. The reason for this contradicting statement is this; The game allows you to work for any of the items or characters in the game, but overdriving items is impossible without some payment and you can't color customize your ninja robot suit without buying a color scheme first (btw if you do play it, just buy the 'classic saturated' color set, it's all you need). This game has; Crafting, Grinding, PvP, Mini quests, 2 companions (a robot thingy and a dog), Boss fights, both melee weapons and ranged weapons, free running ( kind of ), a party of 4 players, build your own Dojo, build you own defense system platform thing, so much blood, abilities and a ninja suit specific ultimate ability. Theres probably some stuff Im forgetting. This game is something different, and you should for sure download it and give it a try. I'm not disappointed at the $15 I spent on this game so far. It's fun and keeps me coming back and it's not because of the daily login rewards or new shiny content, but because there is a lot to do and level up and it doesn't get old. There are so many god damned weapons to try out and make and max out that it is impossible to put a playtime value to this game. If i had to it would be: Forever. The PvP at the moment is just . Its not balanced. Maxed out weapons one shot people. Some abilities are way too powerful and overpower the arena completely. And there will come a time when you are going to enter an instance and not see a single enemy, because the maxed out er flew ahead of you and blew up the map. blew. up. the. map... I've been that blow-the-map-up guy as well. .-. itsh pretty fun ... But you'll get over it, there is a solo matchmaking option and if you've got a friend or two you guys can just jam together. This game keeps growing, and I think it will continue to grow. A brilliant new twist on a FPS that brings in elements of a dungeon grinding game. Try it. I mean, it's free to play so why not? right?
game-hours: 1044.8
review: Gets repetitive sometimes, but on every update I want to play this game again.
game-hours: 3.8
review: ok
game-hours: 3.8
review: ok
game-hours: 34.6
review: I played it on the PS4 and the PC... Why.. can't... I... Stop... Playing...
game-hours: 9.8
review: sweet game get it
game-hours: 31.7
review: Didn't even know this was on Steam... 10/10.
game-hours: 540.6
review: I like it A LOT! That's all.
game-hours: 682.6
review: Melhor jogo F2P Da steam e mt envolvente e tem tudo q um game precisa graficos  e historia envolvente embora seja mt pequena . Orgulho de ser player desse jogo e contribuir para q ele cresa.. Recomendo q no inicio comee jogando com um Player ja experiente pq e mt dificil de se sobreviver sozinho nesse Game ...
game-hours: 189.6
review: Don't get me wrong, I love warframe, and I do recommend that you at least try the game, but through my experience with this game I have had nothing more than trouble. Game play is awesome, endless hours of farming and grinding, it is truely an MMO players dream, however the game has far too many bugs that the Support team refuse to do anything about, from constant log issues to frozen UI the support team always recommend you allow the game to run through firewall, no matter the issue. Personally I find no use in firewall, it does nothing but slow me down, and I keep my computer clean, physically and digitally, so for me, I have no use what so ever for firewall and it is always disabled. Still everytime I run into an issue while playing (which I must say, happens literally once or twice an hour) and report it to the support team, they always tell me the same thing, "Allow the system to run through firewall." but when I exclaim to them that this cannot be the problem I am met with an apology and instructions on how to allow a program through firewall. Its a great game with a terrible support team. My enjoyment in this game would usually tell me to rate it a 10 of 10, but the constant problems prevent me from giving it any higher than a 5 of 10.
game-hours: 6.4
review: Pay to win, too much of a boring grind to unlock anything free. Lost my attention before I wanted to spend money on it. (I have spent money on F2P games before.)
game-hours: 703.0
review: Endless grinding to no real endgame  Bugs the devs refuse to fix and instead mask with more weapons and warframes  Pay-to-win mechanics that EA would condone  Horrible rank-up mechanic  AI is awful I would have rather paid $20 for a game just like this with devs that weren't Jews and gave a sht.
game-hours: 547.6
review: This game is amazing. I think its the best Free To Play game there is.
game-hours: 324.5
review: A game about hot chicks in sexy jumpsuits, what is there not to love?
game-hours: 265.3
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 440.5
review: Progressive FPS, fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 192.6
review: i Love This Game i sped half a year playing it
game-hours: 526.1
review: When it comes to F2p (free to play) games people often tread carefuly as for the regular pitfalls (pay now and not get stuck in que and have a real game experience) Warframe however seams to be apart from most f2p games in this regard a fun "run and gun" game style that is easy to learn and takes some time to be good at . A great CooP game for some mates
game-hours: 104.1
review: gud
game-hours: 336.3
review: :D
game-hours: 369.9
review: For those who hate TPS and Sci-fi this game will make you love it!Its a must play game! Everyone will love it! Good fanservice as well!! :O OPPAI EVERWHERE!!
game-hours: 1.5
review: Its fun and stuff
game-hours: 361.7
review: So, much, grind.
game-hours: 361.7
review: So, much, grind.
game-hours: 363.0
review: Stolling with my friends on a Void mission when suddely... Corrupted Vor comes and s up your whole team in the  (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) 10/9.5 a split black man ends your whole team in void missions (   )
game-hours: 112.3
review: - 5 Stars
game-hours: 2.2
review: its got ing motion blur 10/10
game-hours: 326.4
review: Thanks for this Game
game-hours: 581.5
review: yeah you just helicopter through things and get all the kills bam victory build that sweet  opticor one more thing don't play for too long at once alright
game-hours: 1600.7
review: eh it was okay, I give it a 10
game-hours: 234.5
review: To be written.
game-hours: 37.8
review: One of the best free to play games there is now, very unique and a lot better with friends
game-hours: 16.2
review: Great, but it's one hell of a grind fest...
game-hours: 103.4
review: excelent game
game-hours: 1017.0
review: It's okay, I play only it in my spare time ^_~.
game-hours: 14.0
review: Solid for a FTP
game-hours: 0.6
review: Fifteen apples in my baggage I am cabbage
game-hours: 27.5
review: "Game about space ninjas" -Ghandi 2015
game-hours: 204.4
review: if you are looking for a game that is poorly optimized both performance and network wise as well as has a chance of killing your connection then look no further as this marvel of modern game development made by incompetent monkeys is exactly what you are looking for! with amazing 4 maps copypasted as well as the most generic mission types gives you the greatest amount of replayability up to date! you also have dozens of weapons to choose from! all with copy paste stats, animation and only different skins for making it easy to select which of them work best for your gameplay style! 666/10 would close the devs to the same cage with sirgay titsoff with his WarZ/Survivor stories and Le sellout Rockit with his DayZ and throw the cage to the bottom of the sea!
game-hours: 605.4
review: Original Post (October 14, 2013): Warframe is Epic Updated Post (December 14, 2014): Damn it has already been over a year since I posted this review and started playing this game, time flies by so fast. I know that no one is probably going to read this but I feel the need to let my feelings out about this game after a year of playing. I have been playing since Update 8 came out (Vauban came out) and I stopped playing around Update 11 (when Nekros came out) due to computer problems and having only a crappy laptop to use. Around the beginning of Update 14 was when I started playing again since I got a new computer then and I was really shocked to see the amount of changes and visual updates that warframe has recieved in my time gone. I remember playing at literally 15 fps or less back when I was using my old computer and I went up to mastery rank 4, I'm still impressed that I was able to get that high with such low fps before my computer broke down o.O. Now I am at mastery rank 10, I feel that I am experienced enough to state several things about warframe. I think that the main reason why people don't like warframe is because of the amount of time and effort you have to put in inorder to get the rewards of the game. And by rewards I mean not playing as the sterotypical Rhino Prime with Boltor Prime and destroying everything because that is no fun (Yes I don't own Rhino Prime and Boltor Prime. Why? Because I hate being that kind of player. The only prime warframe I own is Frost Prime, but I plan on getting Loki Prime.) But in all seriousness, people don't have patience now a days. They expect to get on this game and instantly get the best weapons of the game (which is possible and you would have to pay money but not everyone is willing to pay) but they find out that "Oh there is a 3 day wait time for a new warframe?" or "It takes 12/24 hours to make a new weapon? Well screw this game." It's really sad to see that they don't know that if only they were more patient, they would have gotten the rewards they wanted in the first place. Now does the time to getting what you want vary? Yes, heavily as Warframe does have problems with its RNG so with every person it varies and there is a lot of grinding in this game. And that's only one of those problems Warframe has. Warframe is definitely not the perfect game and it does have many things that are broken in the game. But even with those problems, why do people (the ones that put effort) keep on coming back to this game? Well everyone has their own answer, but for me, it's the experience. The experience of playing warframe and becoming more powerful the more you play is very satisfying to me for some reason. I feel accomplished that all my hard work was able to get me this far and that there is so much more to this game that I have to explore. And playing with friends is a big factor too. I've been playing with one of my close friends since I started this game and to see how far we have gotten (especially with our dojo as handling a dojo with only two people takes a lot of time) makes us put smiles to our faces. And we recently recruited another one of our friends and with me and my friend teaching him showed me how much more I know about the game and it makes me feel old ^^. But another reason why I still play is because I look foward to what warframe has to offer in the future. Warframe is already a good game even with its problems. But Warframe has the potential to be an amazing game if those problems could be fixed and add ideas that have thought of by the community. But that is easier said than done and I know it's a hard and long road ahead of us, for both Digital Extremes and the ones who have stayed with Warframe for so long and are getting frustrated. But I trust DE will bring forth these changes and I trust to community so stay with warframe and continue to offer their ideas to help improve to game. The Community is another aspect I like about warframe. Yes there are those jerks that offer no input what so ever and just go Rhino Prime and Boltor Prime every mission (I'm just joking but you know what I mean) but a lot of the players genuinely want to see warframe improve and become a much better game. If you read the forums, you would see so many ideas offered by many players in hopes of improving the game. And DE do read the forums, at times it may not seem like it but they do read what our feedback is and want the game to improve as much as we do. Anyways, I think rambled for long enough and I will let you (if there are any people reading this) decide on what you think of the game. Enjoy the game and be patient as patience is the key to playing Warframe.
game-hours: 95.2
review: first class game
game-hours: 159.8
review: fun game
game-hours: 166.6
review: It's free, it's amazing and I have no idea why you're not playing it right now.
game-hours: 138.4
review: Oh God. Great game. You come in, you do NOT come out.
game-hours: 211.0
review: The first DX11, 64-bit game I found that runs at 60 FPS without effort. Smooth, beautiful, and fun gameplay at its roots. Beware the grind. This is equivalent to an arcade game of olde with how much money you're liable to spend just to get that shiny new Warframe. Can't recommend this game with the new update. Too disorienting and difficult to navigate. Gameplay hasn't changed, in fact it's improved, but the UI is where most of your time is spent and now it's more or less miserable (nauseating sometimes too).
game-hours: 626.8
review: bretty bad
game-hours: 13.0
review: dis gaem blos
game-hours: 1.7
review: Snoreframe
game-hours: 6.8
review: This game is very repetitive in it's maps and gameplay. It's good for a free game but not anything else.
game-hours: 0.6
review: I really wanted to like this game because the graphics are interesting but I found the controls to be frustrating and for a beginning player. There was a lot to try to remember and it just felt like it wasn't fluid. Mind you, I'm used to Left4Dead2 so there's a lot of difference there and my issues with Warframe might be irrelevant to someone more skilled than myself.
game-hours: 2.1
review: This game is very repetitive in it's maps and gameplay. It's good for a free game but not anything else.
game-hours: 12.2
review: Game is , anyone who plays it is , hats look like , controls like , pretty sure it made me , 0/10 hardly any space pirates.
game-hours: 10.5
review: This game will be fun for you for the first 2 hours, and then you will notice that its the same 3 maps over, and over, and over, and over again. Also, the business model is the most pay to ing win ( or lazy and finish the game ) I have ever seen.
game-hours: 1567.2
review: Warbros #1
game-hours: 25.7
review: Pros: + Fun gameplay for a while + Good graphics Cons: - Seeing the same levels gets boring after a while - Grinding fest to get new weapons to get grinding - ''Try to rank up once per day'' -------- Devs give absolutely no  if players have fun playing, as long as theyre wallets get fatter. You can craft weapons, or warframes, but it will take 12 - 72 HOURS to finish crafting, or you can PAY to boost it, if you ever get the items for it. You dont? Well PAY to get better drops. Pay for this, pay for that.
game-hours: 1.3
review: As a Hammer Head Shark Samurai, I had to run around in a maze shooting at containers. I'm sure the game has a positive side, but I don't have the patience for it.
game-hours: 3.1
review: I dont say that this game is bad but, for me this game doesn`t give any action and good fellings.
game-hours: 7.8
review: I feel that every quest/mission were kind of the same long boring action. Firefightss with CPU enemies that got really old. Getting screwed over if a team mate leaves the game. All out, I don't recommend this game.
game-hours: 829.4
review: Make no mistake, Warframe masquerades as a final product with no in development warning on Steam, and no mention of it still being beta anywhere but a tiny spot on the launcher. Back around update 7 (when it launched on steam), the game held quite a bit of promise for the future, however, Digital Extremes has decided it's better to release a thousand new weapons and ignore many core gameplay problems than to work on creating actual content for the game. They claim "infinite replayability" because the levels are procedurally generated each time you load one up, but it settles into the same mindless grind of mid to high level Diablo of "go to where thing you want drops, kill everything, leave." The game also goes from having far too much challenge before you can get the handful of core, vital mods to be able to go past the first few planets (and not only are there only a very small few of these mods, but some are nearly impossible for new players to get), to an endless stream of one shot kills on everything and its mother -- and a number of warframes can clear entire rooms with skills alone, with or without mods. Additionally, Digital Extreme's idea of a challenging boss fight is large area effect attacks and invulnerability phases, as evidenced all of their revamped bosses. One, Lephantis, wasn't even particularly bad, until they decided players were killing it too quickly, and added damage caps to it, not making the fight any more difficult, just making it longer. In addition, the loot tables are so horribly bloated because DE's response to core problems ("nearly every enemy has a knockdown attack and it's not particularly enjoyable," "parry is a useless gameplay mechanic") is to release extremely niche new mods that compete with older, infinitely more useful and versatile mods in your limited mod slots. Would you rather have 320% more shields, do 30% more damage with your abilities, have twice as much energy (the game's mana), move 30% faster, or...a 95% chance to automatically block an attack with no noticible effect on incoming damage? tl;dr it's bad and I regret spending $50 on it. Edit 2/12: And now DE has decided, in an incredibly petty move, to ban the leader of the top clan in Warframe from the game entirely for forum posts made by other people. I can't even think of anything to add onto that. Warframe's community managers banned someone from the game entirely. For something they personally didn't even do.
game-hours: 1980.9
review: After a full year of playing this game, I can say for sure its going nowhere. - Decision are sprung on 'beta testers', I'm guessing it's because if they actually proposed the bad decision ahead of time, they would be shot down completely. - Balance is a joke. No effort is going into looking at the game overall and making changes accordingly. They don't even have a design document. - Bugs rule the game, and actually prevent you from playing. One time, they were changing the fonts for the game and managed to make the first boss invincible. Very sleek coding Digital Extremes. - Forum management are along the lines of people's republic of china's governing methods. Admin concided to a friend of mine that his warning point was wrong and had no basis, warning point still there because he refused to sing songs of glory about them. - Cash shop makes you regret every purchase. (I don't even know how they managed to do this, its incredible) sleek/10. Don't touch it. ps. Warbros #1
game-hours: 78.1
review: melee update ruined game for nigr and i what a good reward for voting to get this f2p goty
game-hours: 2.5
review: I didn't play it that long, just a couple hours. But IMO that's plenty long enough to know what a game is like. I didn't really like it. The shooting is ok. The graphics are good. But the free-to-play nonsense is all over this game. I mean, why not sell boxed copies (or digital downloads, since we're on steam) to fund your development of it? And no, I don't mean credit packs. I'd really like a good spacey-shooter MMORPG, but this thing needs more variety in level design, and get rid of the lame paywalls. Make it fun first! Ultimately, I just uninstalled it because I couldn't see myself enjoying this kind of thing for very long. Everything is a repetitive grind.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Game is very monotonous and getting the other Warframes, as well as pretty much every other piece of equipment, is straight up un-fun and a pain in the .
game-hours: 1404.2
review: Great game,no reason for you to not have it cause its free.Got bored at the 1000 hour mark,but the devs keep the game some what fresh with constant updates
game-hours: 79.8
review: Space Ninja Simulator 20-wheneveritsdone
game-hours: 22.5
review: Pay to win es... pay to win... Play with a group of friends... it's more fun that way. Plus you won't get mugged by a hoard of bad guys on the higher leveled missions. I'm suprised how well the game runs when played online. Lots of different warframes to pick from, each of them having their own unique abilities... but each of them costs like a whole new game.
game-hours: 2.1
review: Good game !
game-hours: 50.3
review: MOTHAING SPACE NINJAS WITH MAGIC. -Tenno 11/10
game-hours: 308.5
review: I was only thirteen years old, I loved warframe so much. I had all the Weapons and Frames. I prayed to Warframe every night before bed thanking it for the life I have been given. "Warframe is love" I say, "Warframe is life." My dad hears me and calls me a . I knew he was just jealous of my devotion to Warframe. I called him a . He slaps me and sends me to go to sleep. I'm crying now and my face hurts. I lay in bed, it's really cold. A warmth is moving towards me... I feel something touch me... It's Nyx! I'm so happy. She is my favourite Warframe She whispers in my ear "This is my ship." She mind-controls me with her mind-control ability, and puts me on my hands and knees. I'm ready. I spread my keyboard and mouse for Nyx. She penetrates my TV screen. It hurts so much, but I do it for Nyx. I can feel my screen cracking and my eyes start to water. I push against her chaos, I want to please Nyx. She absorbs my love, and roars a mighty roar as she fills my screen with physic bolts. My dad walks in. Nyx looks him straight in the eye and says, "It's all chaos now." Nyx leaves through my window. Nyx is love. Nyx is life <3 10/10 Ruined my life
game-hours: 262.2
review: Cut a guy in half with an arrow... in space. 11/10
game-hours: 9.2
review: NICE GAME!
game-hours: 126.5
review: 1/0 IGN.
game-hours: 63.6
review: This is the best game!
game-hours: 217.7
review: Ninjas with various arsenals and acrobatics. Need to say anything else?
game-hours: 20.5
review: To start off this game delievers awesome graphics, awesome missions ans I like how there are missions for each PLANET! Yup! This game was actually my 3rd free to play game on steam, and its what really got me into steam. It isnt the BEST gaming I've played considering after a while i got boerd of doing the same thing over and over and over again just in a different enviornment. I give this game a 8.5 out of 10
game-hours: 95.1
review: Good fun with or without friends and plenty of content for a free to play game.
game-hours: 868.0
review: If you could change crosshair, the game would have its own Sports channel within the next 2 mins and would replace TLC and probbably all the other junk cable channels.
game-hours: 6.0
review: Games actual cost = The price of your graphics card
game-hours: 156.9
review: k
game-hours: 5.5
review: This game is only fun if you are rich. Although it is "free to play", the action gameplay will become repetitive when you only have the same guns and warframe. To get a new warframe you'll need to spend several days grinding for both material and credits to get the blueprint for what you want to make. Then you'll have to go online to the wikia and find out where to get the ingredients to make the warframe you want. After than grind for the materials to make each piece of the warframe. Once all that is done you can finally craft it, but then you'll need to wait around 72 hours (3 days) for it to be finished crafting and then you can use it. Ofcourse fans of the game say "go do something else for 72 hours." "go get some fresh air". Well maybe I dont want to get fresh air. I want to play a game for hours and hours. When I put effort into grinding I espect my item to be done not wait 3 days after i've done everything to gather the materials for it. The action gameplay, wall jumping, running, sliding, is great. However the instances, setting, maps are so enclosed and tiny that the wallrunning stuff doesnt really shine. The stealth action in the game isn't fun either. You have to get a certain item to be able to see enemies. If you dont have it, you will have to see enemies by eyes. Sometimes the game will spawn you in front of an enemy when you start your mission thinking "ill do it stealth". And as much as you will try to play like a ninja, if you end up in a room and 1 enemy spots you, even though you take that enemy out pretty much all enemies in the surrounding rooms will rush in and destroy you. The tutorials and guides teach you very little about the controls. It teaches nothing about upgrading or forging. There is no way to tell you what mission you should do next. You pretty much have to look at every planet to find your next mission. The game might seem like its free to play, but it will eventually wither away at your mind until you cough up that extra cash for some items. Any fan of the game will tell you that the game shines through its multiple various weapons and warframes with unique abilities, but unless you got an endless bank account or extreme patience this game will not be fun for you. They make everything so incredibly hard to get with no sense of progression that it will force you to open up your wallets or simply uninstall the game. The action gameplay really is just you running and sliding along the ground just because the slide goes faster than the sprint. You'll most likely rarely wallrun, or even take cover. Most missions wont require any thought or strategy, just sprint through them to the goal. Unless it is a defense mission you dont have to kill any of them, but remember the enemy will not forget about you and most likely chase you and horde up until you reach the extraction points. This game doesnt listen to it's community. It only tries to emulate other games rather than being it's own. They care about your wallets rather than the player. I doubt they even spent much time developing it as it seems to just be a simple copy and paste missions disguised by fancy lighting, blooms, and motion blurs. Fans of this game would argue that even though the story and missions are tedious and repetitive and that the fun is from the "action", remember all of them most likely paid for the items and warframes. If you see them have alot of nice weapons and they tell you they crafted them all, then they are rich in time or they are lying. Youll never experience the 10% of actiony fun that people play this game for unless you have a fat wallet.
game-hours: 1164.9
review: After all these hours i guess i could give this game a definete yes to recommend the game. Great sci-fi ninja 3rd person shooter. Big arsenal of warframes and weapons to choose from. Great customization ( stat and cosmetic wise ). Undescribable amount of fun. Learning curve might seem quite steep at start but it's not as bad as it seems once you've played for a bit and taken the time to check out how things work. I can definetly suggest making use of the ingame codex, you'll find alot of your questions awnsered by using that. The game itself has alot to it and just keeps expanding with constant small and large updates so if you're wondering if it's worth your time, yes it definetly is.
game-hours: 8.5
review: I like it thats why I recommend pls
game-hours: 886.7
review: WORTH IT! It is free and provides unlimited hours of fun.
game-hours: 391.3
review: Alien ninjas play free. Enjoy the meta challenge of being an alien robo ninja born out of a metallurgy factory running grind.exe and a faceless alien courtesan trains you to grind even harder.
game-hours: 413.9
review: This game is addicting and made me grind for most of my stuff.
game-hours: 367.4
review: Warframe is an interesting and innovative puzzle game. Rather than the player trying to figure out how to use the game mechanics in order to progress, the game plays itself in the player's mind. The goal is simple, you must escape the arsenal screen. Sounds easy, right? You'd be mistaken. The second you click "appearance", the game has you hooked. It will not let you go until you have the right colors. What are the right colors, exactly? You have to figure that out yourself. Buying new color pallettes will make the game either harder or easier, but the game does not tell you which ones do so. I have managed to beat this game once, playing as Valkyr. It took a few hours, but I knew I had won once I started playing a mini game (They're called "missions" in-game) and didn't compulsively feel the need to return to the "Appearance tab". At last, I had been freed. But I am still determined to beat the game with each Warframe I own. If you like games that challenge the player's mind, this is for you.
game-hours: 1.9
review: I have only one question, how can this game be free of charge?
game-hours: 680.8
review: If you wanna try this game, go ahead. It's fun to goof around as a space ninja/cowboy with 1 or maybe 2 people (not 3) but dont give the developers any money, they don't deserve it. One of the few games I can geunienly say gets worse each update. In brief the Developers are not good people. Continously adding ludicrous amounts of paid material, and a increasingly huge amount of grind to get everything else per update are only a couple of the faults in this game. Initially, when I started this game, it was fun to gather resources, buy a blueprint and craft a weapon. These things only made it more fun when you unleashed your shiny new toy on the enemies in the game. now there are tons of weapons you cant get unless youre in a clan, which requires craploads of time to build a dojo for IN ADDITION to gathering resources and waiting 72 hours to access. An most of the weapons worth anything require materials that EXPIRE OVER TIME. Couple this with the unbalanced and assenine boss designs and PVP modes, and you've got a shabby game. Another thing that makes no sense is the whole "Prime access" thing they do all the time. Every time they release a new "Prime" frame (Prime means it a slight variation with a couple tiny attribute changes and some gold decals on it) they release another Prime Access package, where you can IMMEDIATLEY unlock this shiny new frame, and its shiny weapons for more than the price of a standalone game. It's like something EA would do. Even the "Events" in the game are a chore. You have to be following the game on a social network or forum to find out about it if you arent playing 24/7, and they usually introduce some new stupid gimmick came modes and exclusive junk to unlock that gets out classed by the paid equipment by the next update. Playing warframe is an exercise in futility, so play it at your own risk.
game-hours: 8.8
review: I feel like this falls under the category of overhyped; I got bored with the combat and mission grinding not even 4 hours into the game. I mean, don't get me wrong; the concept is great. I love the whole idea of this game. I've seen the classes in action and I love it all. But it's once again, one of those games where you can just dump your money all over it and already have everything in the damn game. You get a small selection of classes at the start of your playthrough, and you'll quickly want to try out the new classes. However, getting the materials necessary for getting another class in the game requires a massive amount of work and time; I had to buy a blueprint for a blueprint so I could make the blueprint just for another frickin' class to play! Then getting the right material to make this one blueprint required fighting a boss that spawned on one world, and it had like a 3% chance of dropping. Then crafting the actual crap together would literally take DAYS in real time. Whereas I could've just dropped about a hundred bucks and already have that class and a load of weapons/items for it in no time at all! A shameless cash grab! I literally got into a game where two other players who already had everything rushed through a mission in less than two minutes and killed everything in the level with the  they just bought. Really now? Some "open beta" this game is. Don't waste your time on this crap.
game-hours: 18.0
review: its a fun game in the beginning but if you really want to get better at this game you must buy items with real money or play a lot to get better gear.But if you dont mind that its a fun game to play
game-hours: 44.0
review: its cool
game-hours: 514.5
review: I dig it
game-hours: 1971.5
review: , , and a bag of chips.
game-hours: 18.7
review: Best free to play game out there. Hands down.
game-hours: 44.0
review: its cool
game-hours: 514.5
review: I dig it
game-hours: 1971.5
review: , , and a bag of chips.
game-hours: 15.3
review: its a game you can play alone and with friends its ofc better with friends in a skype/teamspeak call adn just have a lot of fun
game-hours: 1.8
review: best gam evur :D
game-hours: 25.2
review: ,   ((
game-hours: 976.7
review: Really good game definetly reccomend
game-hours: 26.3
review: Good game m8, would not pay for again
game-hours: 331.6
review: It's like Farming Sim, but with a  ton more gun...Waaaaay more Gun. Here, just imagine this: Let's say Farming Simulator and Borderlands 2 had a baby, this would be it's baby. At least for me...
game-hours: 196.8
review: This has to be one of the best pc shooters i've played in my 5 years on steam, especially since it's f2p. You can really see the work gone into this game was well worth it
game-hours: 150.6
review: Allright ladies and gentleman this is WarFrame. "but KoJeT it looks like another lame free to play" SHUT THE  UP. This game had a lot of work put into it and is very much worth playing. Though some people have told me that they hate how the tutorial doesnt really teach you much. well there is good reason to that and you have to look at it from a lore prospective. You are a warrior who has been woken by this "person" to fight for the good of the galaxy, you do not remember anything and there is not much know about your kind. So how could she teach you everything? you have to learn how to move through the world and all the neat tricks and abilities you can accomplish on your own. Its the beauty of this game and i really really really reccomend that you give it a chance.
game-hours: 686.2
review: Space Ninja !!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 212.5
review: Ninjas play free but Ninjas are dirty ing casuals. Give it your wallet or I will cut you.
game-hours: 27.6
review: You Can Split someone in half and shoot lighting and it's free to play Mormon Jesus Approved
game-hours: 6.8
review: I played this before the big update, I had the time of my life, but after the Update it became laggy and confusing.
game-hours: 506.4
review: A brilliant game, fun to play and it keeps you coming back. Not P2W at all.
game-hours: 505.0
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download Warframe 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play Warframe 3) Grind for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself; that's how sure I was that it would work.
game-hours: 664.6
review: Here is a very simple equation for you gais. Space Ninjas+Lasers+Swords+Epicness=Warframe!
game-hours: 27.0
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 224.5
review: One of the best games I have ever played. Awesome gameplay, awesome graphics and physics. Just. Awesome.
game-hours: 533.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 736.4
review: GARGLE ME!!!!!! GARGLE ME!!!!! LOTUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUS I WANT YOU TO GARGLE ME RIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BRING IT OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
game-hours: 5.8
review: game.
game-hours: 23.7
review: STUPID GEMINI NIKANA SHEATH YOU THINK YOUR GETTING A SWORD AND YOUR NOT MAKE ME WASTE ALL OF MY SPECIAL CREDITS NEVER MAKE THIS MISTAKE!!!
game-hours: 686.6
review: very nice game updated sonstanly and nice gameplay
game-hours: 2072.7
review: Space ninjas, whats not to love?
game-hours: 295.5
review: Nice game.....BUT it is riddled with bugs, even now. Gameplay is a fun action game, which as everyone explains, and it is the best way to put it, you are essentially a space ninja. With friends it can be a lot a of fun, and be a good time waster, but alone it can get repetitive fairly quick. At first glance it seems like the game has a lot of areas to explore, the truth is a lot of them are recycled, much in the way it was in Dragon Age 2 (If people remember that annoyance). As for the bugs, there are A LOT, and some are even game breaking, such as; Melee randomly stop working on both keyboard and controller (I had this happen multiple times), Chat locking up and making you unable to access any of the menus, If an alert ends while you're in the mission sometimes doors won't function, Clipping issues with some parts of the map (Fell through and above the map several times), a huge lag issue with pvp mode (both sides said everyone was telephoning around). And last but not least, not a bug but just a pain....No way to get rid of unwanted Kubrows beyond killing them off, which takes 10 days, and shouldn't have to come to that or being forced to buy another slot. It is just a waste.
game-hours: 787.9
review: I like stealing Platinum from little kids using their mom's credit cards. 10/10 Would Trade again. >Be me >Have Frost Prime Set >See someone buying Frost Prime Set >Say "Bruh I got chu 100% All American Frost Prime Set 200p" >He says "170p" >Say "Bruh I can do 170p But it would be 75% All American Frost Prime Set" >He Says Ok >Go To Trade >Put Up Frost Prime BP >Put Up Frost Prime Helment >Put Up Ember Prime Systems >Put Up Frost Prime Chassis >The Other 25% was a Chinese Ember Prime Systems >My face when I basically scammed a kid out of ~140p (   )
game-hours: 20.1
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!! FRICKIN NINJAS 360 DECOY INVISIBILITY HEAD PUNCH
game-hours: 49.6
review: Badass. the end.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Freemium and you play the same mission over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over
game-hours: 6.4
review: Amazing game, was better than I expected for a free game, can't believe it's free. Really difficult too, only critic I have got is that it got bad steam support and may be too hard in some aspects and a bit gear dependent for your own warframe. Basicly, you control a warframe, or hero, or a unit like Halo, which you can pick from alternative classes or warframes as to speak, which you can find and collect and craft weapons to level up with aswell. Tons of levels, and a story, and excellent graphics, and smooth gameplay, and active online player base.
game-hours: 6.6
review: Hell Yer
game-hours: 2100.3
review: NOBODY KNOWS YOUR HERE-"FOOOORRSEEEGAAAHANALGLORYTENNO,FOOSGROWTEHGRINEEEERRR" Besides that all and all great game. The developers are really in with their community. DE dun good.
game-hours: 1987.1
review: As of posting this, I've spent nearly two thousand hours on this game. Two Thousand. 2,000. 2k. That's almost 3 consecutive months worth of this game... It was worth every second.
game-hours: 370.1
review: Are you the type of guy that likes to sit on a chair and just stare at your computer screen while you just endlessly grind to only get a  wep that doesn't even get buffed despite how hype it looks in the end? WELL THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!! If you are that type of chum who can't be bothered to grind endlessly, well this game has that covered. If you steal your mother's credit card you can buy a fortune of in-game currency which can be used on useless accessories and weapons that will only get nerfed or ignored later on, with this current deal you can also get this PREMIUM ITEMS like that #MLG420SMOKEWEEDEVERYDAYSOMAPRIME and African lady Prime. Also do go to the forums if you like to talk to people that like to spam the word "#PL0XBUFFSOMAANDSOMAPRIMESGEGRTGREG" Alright time to be serious. Don't play this game, the community on the forums are fairly crap, you get to the point where everything gets extremely boring. I took a haitus from it one time and only came back to find the soma to be primed and Nova. The 2 things I actually do hate, they are fairly bland and generic for a game of Hand-laz0rs. Also don't buy plat and if you do buy it, just make sure you use it wisely. But despite if you do read all this and do continue to play it, I don't mind if you do, just keep in mind about the community on the forums and keep an eye out for anymore shifty  from the Devs. *Update post* Well I ain't touching this god awful game ever ing again, after the devs released the ing Soma Weapon set I'm ing done with such a  community and dev team. Think something better than simple "HURR DURR WEPS THAT SHOT NORMAL BULLETS PEW PEW!" DE is literally scooping  from the bottom of the septic tank at weapon ideas and ideas in general.
game-hours: 2.7
review: more like warlame
game-hours: 329.2
review: This is an amazing game that's expanding quickly. However if you dont like waiting at minum, 12 hours for most things to craft then it might get a bit boring. But you can usually manage you time fairly well to where it's no big deal.
game-hours: 4.9
review: good game
game-hours: 2.1
review: I love this game because it gives me a chance to play with my friends and it's just a great game over all. I also the the combat tactics and well... IT'S AWESOME.
game-hours: 4.9
review: This game unfortunaltely dies out quickly.Unless you have plenty of frined to play with(but the online services are buggy as  anyways),you are not going to get much enjoyment out of this game.Sorry
game-hours: 172.8
review: Ninjas are cool. But what is better? THAT NINJAS PLAY FREE. Shoot, stab, magicafy(kill with magic) and dash. To be one with the ninja, is absolute. This is my story of my first experiences with this game. I loved F2P games at the time and I saw Warframe as a open Beta. I played it and it was very different to now. But after a while, I got bored. It was way too repetitive. About a year or 2 later. I got bored of other games (LOL) and came back to Warframe. Almost everything changed in the game. More stuff = more fun. Yes it is still a bit repetitive, but there is more to aim for. More quests. More stuff (in general). That is why a reccomend Warframe and give it a... 9.5/10
game-hours: 3.6
review: Really good game, I love it and would definetly recommend. This game would even be good worth 15 but as a free to play definetly get it!!
game-hours: 8.3
review: Dem shaders are purty. Though the gameplay is slightly repetitive, it gets better if you play with someone you know.
game-hours: 603.7
review: I only played a little but it seems fun .
game-hours: 120.7
review: 60 files failed to validate and will be reaquired.
game-hours: 649.9
review: Log in screen Email flappy Password bird You will probably regret this
game-hours: 2.8
review: First came Dark Sector. Pretty cool, underrated game if you ask me. Hell, even Hayden's armor from Dark Sector looks just like Excalibur in this game. Then they  out this. I'm not saying Warframe is bad though, I enjoy it a lot, I mean, it IS just a beta still. Some things could be fixed, that of I don't exactly know right now, but really it's a fun game, try it out. They also really need to work on Mac Support.
game-hours: 10.0
review: login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...login failed check your info ,.... login failed check your info,...
game-hours: 55.2
review: downloaded a couple days ago still cant enter the game. 1/5 for this game.
game-hours: 3.3
review: ninjas are pooftas
game-hours: 1.4
review: For the people who have terrible laptops out there, dont get this game, experience the every 10 second lag spikes and constant low frame rate
game-hours: 194.8
review: The grind is real. I r8 8/8 m8 g8
game-hours: 107.4
review: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!))))))))))))))))
game-hours: 1791.9
review: Gets old quick.
game-hours: 66.8
review: When you have lots of money and don't know what to do with them,buy LOTS of platinum,Plats,plats,plats!
game-hours: 12.8
review: Fast paced and fun.
game-hours: 6.2
review: If your looking for a shooter that passes time by as fast as a bird well... warframe is the game for you!
game-hours: 83.2
review: Let me put this in the form of questions. Do you like ninjas? If so, this is the game for you. Do you like space? If so, this is the game for you. Do you like third person shooters? If so, this is the game for you. Do you like hitting things with swords? If so, this is the game for you. Do you like getting entire games for absolutely free, and not having to pay for anything afterwards, even the highest level items? If so, this is the game for you. In other words, get it. You have absolutely nothing to lose.
game-hours: 1259.8
review: Best game on Steam. Hands down. If you dont play this why are you even on steam?
game-hours: 8.9
review: Farming, Farming, Farming and Farming! 69/69
game-hours: 32.8
review: Deleted my old review, which was positive and hopeful, impressed with this game's strong sense of Tsutomu Nihei-esque biomechanical sci-fi aesthetics and John Woo parkour action. Since then, the game has maintained itself as just another terrible f2p grindmachine, and (perhaps even worse) a constantly mutating and unfocused wreck of a game. I haven't invested nearly as many hours into it as some, thankfully, but it seems like everyone realizes at some point that it's not the game you hope it will be, and could be. It is with a heavy heart that I admit Mass Effect 3's multiplayer is a far more complete and satisfying experience, even if Warframe's aesthetics are much wilder and more exciting. Maybe some day they'll find some kind of focus and this will crystallize as a game worth playing.
game-hours: 204.5
review: This may be TLDR but do not worry i am going to break it dowin in to category nicley. Note that there are good and bad things about pretty much every category GAMEPLAY For the most part the gameplay is smooth and very resoponcive as the player is given access to three weapons to take in to battle. A primary weapon, a pistol, and a sword or duel swords. The shooting mechanics are a bit ordinary, hold right click to zoom in all that jazz as the sword play at first is just as ordinary. With sword play advances further with combos and such like things as one furthers themselves in the game, note that there is only one combo unlock per stance so it does not progress that much. Although a well balanced sword can out damage most weapons in game. With that aside this game will take you to a lot of different planets known and unknown alike. On these planets every single mission is basically on one giant map cut in to different sections as some are reused or a player is simply spawned on the oposit side thn they were before. So needless to say one planet means one look that you will get tired of really fast. Some on top of that are built in facilitys that make the dungeouns very constrictive so do not have your hopes up for A visually pleasing level design. Not to mention that most maps have a horrible layout that makes it impossible to take advantage of the jumping mechanics in this game such as wall running except for in particular portions where it is needed to cross a map, it makes the mechanic feel like a gimmic and it plays as one as well. The jump mechanics for the most part are terrible, one of the most difficult challenges in the game is jumping from one platform to a higher platform because half the time the character will run up a wall and do a back flip leaving you further away from an objective. Or if one is taking fire from an enemy and wishes to dispatch him it takes at least 2 seconds to get up that small ledge as proper enemies can take away a large portion of health/shield given that opertunity. CRAFTING Now this is the insentive to keep you going, every single weapon in this game can be crafted as well as warframes. For the most part it is enjoyable to grind through missions in hopes to get that last rare matterial needed for an item that will finally progress a character. The down side is if you are planning on playing for free be prepared to wait, a lot! There is a wait period for every item crafted which would not be too bad except the least one has to wait is 10 hours! Most weapons take at least a full 24 hours and warframes take a whole 3 days! They claim this game is not pay to win but they sure as hell put a lot of insentive on paying players geting what they want faster! For example. FREE PLAYER-Grinds for blueprints, fights boss three times in hopes of getting all blueprints for warframe 2 hours max. Grinds for all crafing matterials as well as cash 5 hours at least. Begins Crafting warframe pieces all at once 12 hours. Warframe pieces are done begin final blueprint craft for warframe. "Not like they could just let you put them together right thn and there after all those hours." 3 Day wait period. THAT IS THE FREE TO PLAY MODEL RIGHT THERE. COOP Now this game is hard to play alone but it does start you off with 12 revives and rewards players with 4 revives daily so thats a nice litte feature to keep ya going. COOP is a must in this game and it is 50/50. THe community is good and willing to help out with a lot of nice people but more often thn not if one runs with random players they are going to have a bad time. There are not that many new players in this game beyond the existing community so a majority of people one will find themselves teaming up with are vets with awesome gear and way OP weapons which will drain the experiance from this game drastically. As one runs missions trying to hunt for matterials to build a warframe. These players will treat every mission as a race and dash to the finish line leaving you in the dust, if you explore and look for loot you will not get any kills simply stumble across the map seeing an endless amount of dead bodies left behind <<Every time. This type of gameplay does not reward you with anything, if one feels the need to explore and actually look around it is best to play with a friend or go in alone. But if you do not care and let them race themselves to a red light that is fine go ahead and explore just beware once they get to that red light a countdown eventually begins that will take you away from exploring and eject you from the mission. On top of that every other mission has a side objective with a nice cash bonus prize usually in the form of kills. Get 3 kills in 10 seconds, get 5 kills while sliding, get 30 kills with rifle. Things of that nature, I enjoy this idea but with random racers joining in every other match they hog kills and assume you are not trying to complete that objective nor will they ask you. The so called cooperation turns in to a competitive challenge which one can say goodbye to all crafting hunts and focus on beating this random player to the kills. It can be entertaining but it forces one to play at a different pace and a different playstyle thn they may be used to and happening to often that it just does not seem worth it. PAY TO WIN. In the grand scheme it is a little pay to win that is for sure. They claim that there are items that one cannot buy but must find through drops in the world, I have yet to have come across any such thing. I would not say that this game is pay to win but more like an over aptitude to push payment as the best option to play. If there is something in the game you get they will have an option to pay. Pay to get rid of wait time on crafting materials, pay to bypass crafting and get the item you want now, pay for more revives, hell pay for rare crafting items as well. Pay to unlock my color options for color pallet, pay to get a new warframe now without wait! There is just too much micro transactions that it constantly punishes player for not paying! Every little feature one can buy, Plus the prices oh my god the prices are horrible. The lower end things cost around 5 dollars but warframes and weapons are expensive as , they have warframes going for over 20 dollarsand you bet ya that those warframes are damn near impossible to get in game through drops! This is what you are dealing with while going in to this game. I for one like this game a lot it is creative and fun but destiny is right around the corner and is this X10 with no  micro transactions. This is a good game but way too many cons and way too many things they want you to spend money on I am sorry bot I will not recommend this game for the reasons listed
game-hours: 103.0
review: Well, in my opinion this game was great at it's start, but then, after update over update it just went.. em.. in a hideously wrong way. The GUI is horrifying, and so everything else is way more complicated than it should be. They've tried to make this game less slack, but it still has a very few gamemodes, and it lacks in maps. It's just simply boring.
game-hours: 109.6
review: Grind, Grind and more Grinding. Weapons and Warframes to expensive. No Real Tutorial No end game content Dev's are incompetent No Challenge No diverse game modes, basically escort, kill, or defend People get flagged for having Malwares and Running Cheat Engine even if there not using it This game is basically Farm Simulator. 6/10 Metascore of 66/100 is truely deserved.
game-hours: 711.7
review: Superior alternative to crushing depression. Consider this a neutral vote, maybe? It's a dumb game. The devs are really passionate. They're going for the whales, bleeding them of their cash like the disgusting vultures they are. They post threads on their forums explaining in great detail how they've made their RNG more truly random and more fair. It's a ing waste of time. When playing this, you don't think too much, if at all. Moving around feel good, and ultimately it's what matters in a game. Can I imagine just how much I could have improved my art skills in those 500 hours?
game-hours: 1428.0
review: Game used to be good. Absurdly overpowered things were added to the game (Nova). DE refuses to nerf Nova because all the casual plebs that are bad have already begun to play only Nova. DE then lies about creating Prime variants of all the original frames before any newer frames and creates Nova Prime because they realize they can exploit the plebs of the game and make a lot of money. Game is  now. This review will also more than likely be downrated into oblivion because the game is dominated mostly by weaboo casual mongos that somehow manage to fool themselves in to believing Nova is fine.
game-hours: 14.9
review: get ready to clumsily space parkour your way to the nearest wikia to find out what dumb  you need to grind for
game-hours: 336.1
review: 3muchgrind5me
game-hours: 57.3
review: Note this review is not based of any new content as nothing feels new. The graphics and design are great and have 4 friends can make the game a little more enjoyable. However the game will get boring for you really quick as each level feels the exact same as the previous just with a different objective to complete. The levels are continously recycled and there is no real sense of progression you get from other games. When you "level up" you don't feel any stronger than you did when you previously. The crafting system is very hit and miss. The UI for crafting is very solid and very easy to use but getting the materials needed to create the items in question is horrorendlessly bad. The "rare" item drops needed to craft the items drop so rarely you'll be grinding the same levels over and over just to get that one item that you won't feel very accomplished after getting it. You'll just feel like you wasted a lot of time. The gameplay and sound for the game is actually really nice. The weapons sound good and impactful the sword swings are refreshing to hear as you cleave your enemies in two and the controls are solid. In closing I feel that the game could be much better but as it stands I can't find it as enjoyable as other MMOs like World of Warcraft or Final Fantasy XIV A Realm Reborn.
game-hours: 10.8
review: sometimes there is lots of spagehti and it's kind of scary how you can turtle on the wall like a cheetah. this game is not sometimes good, but maybe it is not, but it is. i like the space ninja that looks like a narwal. i would have rated this game a 10/10 but i didn't pick the narwal space ninja and now the game is crap.... i rate this game a -0.5/10
game-hours: 0.6
review: Played it just a bit and I am already bored by the game. It seens to me just another free-to-play / pay-to-win shooter. It uses a nice sci-fi setting, has levels, special moves and the like, but all of it get old fast. The general feeling and looks of the game are nice and I may even say original, but all the rest is just the same old (and boring) story in my opinion. If you just want a nice looking free game I would say to try this, but if you want anything else, go look for another game.
game-hours: 21.1
review: This game is not a bad game don't get me wrong, it has cool graphics, nice gameplay, and good customization. The problem for me is the gap between veteran players and new players (such as myself). I found myself running behind this veteran players while they rushed clean the whole map, while all I did was collecting the xp, not that much fun. You can play alone sure, but that becomes very hard later on, and there are some modes that require 4 players to play effectively. Getting the resources and warframes needed to make new stuff is not that hard, as long as you have 3 veteran players that take you to a advanced map to farm resources(while all you do is hide when the vets clean the map), try doing that alone and in low lvl maps, its almost impossible(to get the needed resources) The payed part of the game is a bit too much for me, i wanted to spend some money on this, but then i saw that is was more then 15 to unlock a new warframe... I didn't find it pay to win, since you can get all the stuff just by playing, its just the prices they ask for are too high for me. This is a cool game, if you have the time to grind and farm until you become a vet yourself, but i can't recomend this to new players, i wish i could select a neutral review for this, but i can't...
game-hours: 1987.3
review: Not anymore DE. Not anymore. edit: Why can't I leave this game?
game-hours: 1.6
review: Nothing special..The game is repetitive,monotonous and boring!
game-hours: 170.4
review: I purchased one of the Founders packs for Warframe about a year ago, finding that the game had very little substance I decided to quit. I started playing again yesterday *7/21/2014* to find that they had made some major updates to the game. The layout of the solar map is very pretty now but the game still lacks substance. The community seems horrible as well, racism runs rampant in the chat room and the game gives you very little direction on what to do or where to go. The tutorial gives the impression that weapons are found lying around the map waiting to be picked up, but that's not the case. Three weapons can be bought from the market for the ingame currency, otherwise the rest need to be made by buying blueprints. The blueprints take on average twelve hours to make in the foundry, and you can speed up the process by spending real money. I understand that this game is free to play but it feels like there is a little to no progression aside from spending money. All in all I give it a 5/10, It's borderline -okay-.
game-hours: 451.1
review: If you had asked me if I would recommend this game before their newest combat system, fighting in space with wings, I would have given you two very solid thumbs up. I will admit that the space combat caught my interest but after trying over a dozen and a half times on ONE mission to complete it, I have to say this. Worst mistake ever! There is no training for this combat. The npcs do not MISS ever. you try and dodge, as it's built into the combat flight system and yet they still hit. The npcs are able to capture zones faster than you can react. The devs in their 'wisdom' do not give any mods to help you even in the combat, and when you do find a mod, if you fail the mission.....see above with how many times I failed it, you don't get the mod. Congradulations DE, You took a great game and screwed it with your need to make things so over powered, I will *never* return or spend money on your game.
game-hours: 25.2
review: It was really fun at first but it gets really repeditve after the first few missions. I got bored of it quickly.
game-hours: 672.8
review: This game is wonderful in the sense you can commit hilariously epic carnage on the enemy types in Warframe. This game is also wonderfully frustrating because of the multiple layers of RNG (Randomly generated rewards basically) and it is a very long grind to get to the highest rank if that is your goal. I would have to recommend this game to people who like Dark Sector and its pretty bad AI where enemies are moving to cover and stand in front of it before starting to shoot at you.
game-hours: 4.6
review: Has lots of potential but, in my opinion, falls flat because of its repetitive third person action/shooter gameplay, which is nice in the beginning. But after ten missions or so (which usually range from 15-45 minutes I guess) you're starting to think that maybe you've seen all this game has to offer already. Rest assured, there's tons of loot to find so there's plenty to come back for. You just have to accept that there's not much variety and the fact that people get lost frequently because of the terrible level designs. Which is not good for a game that focuses on co-op. Not a bad game per se, but just not my cup of tea. [Rating: 74/100]
game-hours: 451.2
review: The game is based around the idea of continuous, inevitable, tedious farming. Space ninjas in space aren't a bad idea, but the (D)Evolution Engine the game runs in makes it so with poor optimization, and higher graphical options just make it so you can see less and uglier.
game-hours: 8.7
review: Okay so this game is really fun I must say but there are many things that make it weigh more towards the no side. The game is a third person sci-fi shooter where you are saving your kind from evil that are trying to kill you off and you play different levels traveling through different planets in the solar system but I found that all the levels feel the exact same over and over. You have different objectives each time but it is almost always the same map layout and the same ultimate goal in the end making it feel super boring over time. The game is free to play but once your in the game you are almost always butt ed by the cpu enemy because you start off with bad weapons and in order to get better weapons you basically have to pay so it's free to play the game but to enjoy it you need to spend money basically. But the game is fun with friends and has come a long way and still looks promising so I hope it can improve until then this game is a no for me 5/10
game-hours: 672.8
review: This game is wonderful in the sense you can commit hilariously epic carnage on the enemy types in Warframe. This game is also wonderfully frustrating because of the multiple layers of RNG (Randomly generated rewards basically) and it is a very long grind to get to the highest rank if that is your goal. I would have to recommend this game to people who like Dark Sector and its pretty bad AI where enemies are moving to cover and stand in front of it before starting to shoot at you.
game-hours: 6.3
review: game sucks, boring, repetitive, lame cutscenes
game-hours: 38.2
review: I like the women in this game. They're hot.
game-hours: 0.9
review: i don't see nothin' wrooooooooooong with a little bump and grind
game-hours: 592.2
review: This game is largely a grindfest. If you care to waste away grinding for things that relys on RNG (Random Number Generation), clearly this is the game for you. Also, if you prefer to just read the pro and con, scroll further down. I also ran out of characters to rant on things! In terms of initial gameplay, I was not amazed by the P2W (pay to win) module and how the game did the tutorial. I was thrown into the game with little to no idea what exactly I was doing. It wasn't even until a month or two later that I actually figured out that everyone has a stamina bar underneath their health. What got me to continue playing this game were the company of friends (typical how friends make friends play bad games). DE needs to reevaluate how they do exchange of platinum (in-game currency) with real currency. The prices for some of these accessories/weapons/waframes are just through the roof and also all over the place with no coherent scaling of prices. With each new update, more bugs and crashes happen. But that's to be expected, right? No! If you think about it, the game is already out of beta phase, yet, it is still getting new content that completely changes how the game played each time. Last update I bothered playing had a 13 in it, which involved Mirage and Limbo warframe. With that 14 update, they completely revamped the star chart so it was more console-friendly and made all the menus diegetic (HUDs similar to Dead Space). FOR PC users, this is a curse since it completely makes navigating menus with a mouse utter pain. What's worse is the diegetic menus would occasionally hide behind your warframe (or in front, which the warframe blocks the view) which makes it hard or impossible to access or use anything. Warframes each have 4 abilities that correspond to the #1 - 4 key on the keyboard above WASD. Press it, it activates or channels. What DE failed to do though, was make the abilities unique enough to not spam one ability over and over. Instead of using 1-3 a lot and using 4 as a last resort, it's a constant input of one particular ability. One example is the Nekros warframe. He is all about raising the dead and fearing enemies away, but one ability stands out: Desecrate. Woah, is he going to touch bodies? You bet! He will touch them bodies real good in hopes of getting lucky with extra drops! So good, that it is all he will ever do. Another problem that Warframe suffers from is the vast amount of mods in the game. Mods allow you to modify your weapon and add effects or damage to it. Some reduces damage for faster fire-rate or higher crit chance for less accuracy. Doesn't sound bad, until you already have the necessary mods that most everyone else has. You have a clump of mods that won't ever get used and just takes up space providing nothing of value to you, even when you transmute (gambling mods in hopes of getting a better mod) it. Each update adds more mods that offers little to no change and is already among the other mods out there. Recent event gave players 20% damage to slashing, while nice and all, there's already a mod that offers 10% damage to slashing. Not as good, but there already exists the mods of that category. DE is just saturating the market with mods when they should either implement another system or stop attempting to make new mods. There is a stealth aspect to the game that DE stated in their video about being ninjas. Quite the attention-grabbing title, but the real game offers little in terms of stealth. In fact, it's even counter-productive with some of the modes in Warframe to attempt stealth. Survival is one of those modes where you are trying to kill as many as possible in hopes of staying alive. Stealth doesn't work in that kinda system. You get miniscule bonus credits for beating the entire mission in stealth for particular modes, which, is not worth the effort. Stealth kills are also done on multiplacative system where your weapons X stealth = damage. So murdering bosses or higher level enemies with level 0 weapons will net you 1 damage. Making things in the foundry requires real time to complete and claim in your inventory. It kinda sucks early game since you are given a BP for a weapon, but you can't get any of the materials for it until like...3-4 planets later. By then, you are done with the game, or you already got something superior. Another thing that DE did to alleviate people's instant gratification is "rushing" the thing you are making, which finishes the building process instantly for 25 platinum. This "rushing" button applies to anything and everything in the foundry which could require only 1 minute to 3 days to make; the price is exactly 25 platinum. I personally never hit the "rush" button since I didn't mind playing the waiting game, which is how I managed over 555+ hours in this game. When you manage to make it far enough in the game to afford a sentinel (shoulder critters), the most useful one by far is the carrier, which vacuums up items around you for ease of collecting. Why bother using another sentinel to dish out damage when you're already dishing it out anyway? It's honestly not worth the effort to use any other sentinel than carrier in my opinion. Then you have the critter following behind you, the kubrows. Good luck finding an egg of it, drop rates for it are abysmal as of a month ago. Once you find the egg, you have to purchase a incubator power core BP, which will allow you to make it in the foundry. So purchasing the BP is 50k credits, making it in the foundry is 100k credits. Oh yeah, you also have to maintain the dog, as in, keep feeding it to keep it alive. You have to purchase DNA stabilizers to ensure the dog's hp doesn't drop below -100%, otherwise it will die. You have to login every day and pet the dog, otherwise it loses loyalty meter, which makes it do less damage. Also, if you want to get rid of the dog immediately, you can opt to consign it to Lotus (female woman that likes to talk for whatever reason) for 25k credits. Here are the pros and cons: Pro: +Unique warframes with their own special abilities +Large variety of guns and melee weapons to choose from +Fast-paced combat(aside from bosses) +Enemies ragdoll in the most interesting ways +Lots of mods to place on weapons and warframes +Stealth segments for those wannabe ninjas +Can alter color pallete of weapons/warframes/pets +You have pets +Community is fairly nice (more opinion here than fact) Cons: -One of four of each's warframe's abilities shines the most and thus, is almost exclusively used -Some weapons are completely useless and never worth the effort to farm/make -Melee seems good initially, but gets easily out-classed by ranged toward endgame -Some bosses has a gimmick to how you can damage them. Sargas Ruk (AKA Ruk the suck) requires you smack 3 weakpoints one after another until he will go down -Hundreds of mods and only a few of them gets any use -Stealth is glorified and non-existent. You might as well go in guns a' blazing -Making weapon in the foundry requires real time to make. Takes X amount of time to farm warframe parts and 1 day to make the parts, then another 3 days to actually make the warframe from the parts -Color palletes requires real money unless you happen on an event that gives out a free pallete (like easter) -Can't change color palletes for all warframe. Some has a default color to them (e.g. Excalibur's backside is grey all day, every day) -Carrier is by far all most players would care for as a sentinel pet. New update brought in dogs, but the dogs require a constant maintenance. Have fun in the void -Survival games gets exponentially harder as time goes on. You saw it right, exponentially -Aside from resource farming on certain planets, you'll mostly be seeing the void for most of your gaming life All in all, do not waste your time playing this game. I couldn't even list my entire rant because it was too big for Steam to handle.
game-hours: 23.5
review: only autistic swedish people play this
game-hours: 554.4
review: Please no. never play it. just, don't. it's just bad.
game-hours: 2.8
review: At best you can say it's a decent third person shooter . Cons. --repetitive, it seems that you play the same level again and again and again . --in game currency is useless, if you want something you must buy it with real money ..from weapons to revivals..colours , blueprints .. I would rather give 20 bucks to have an unlocked game than to spend 60$ for useless points in a game that feels that is not finished . Until the devs will get some sense into themselves I won't recommend this game .
game-hours: 321.2
review: Warframe is like a little boy's first dog. You like it for the first 2-3 days and then it gets boring and you stop playing with it. There is no ultimate goal in warframe, nothing to work towards. You can get to the "end game" in like 2 hours of starting the game. And by end game I mean farming enemies that are higher level that wield the same rewards as the ones you fight when you first start the game. Speaking of farming, the only real thing to do in warframe is farm for materials to use to make more things to farm with. TL,DR: WARFARM IS BORING!
game-hours: 23.5
review: only autistic swedish people play this
game-hours: 554.4
review: Please no. never play it. just, don't. it's just bad.
game-hours: 691.2
review: the good aspects of this ing  game: - u get to pay money - u get to wait - u get good bugs - u can slit ur wrists - u can enjoy the stability of p2p networking - u can forma blueprint - u can use synoid - u can ing  game - u get to enjoy draco - u get dogs that work for ANZ bad aspects of this ing  game: - u cant suck DE off hard enough :((((((((((((((((((((((((( X(((( PLZ FIX I HOPE DE SEE MY REVIEW AND FIX FIX :(((((((((( D':
game-hours: 60.7
review: This game is good considering its free, BUT i would never spend a dime to buy it. It is highly over rated and too repetitive. The pace in advancing is aggravating as well. I dont know maybe just not my cup of tea.
game-hours: 80.3
review: Insane power creep/power lvl grind game with zero end-game and extremly repetitive gameplay.
game-hours: 105.5
review: Grinding simultor 2014. A nice game all round with nice visual effects and customization options, but quite repetitive and boring towards mid/late game. Pretty much grinding until you can find a new place to grind more often. Purely grind to get items that enable you to grind more in the places that you unlocked by grinding. Did I mention grinding? 2/10, would not install again.
game-hours: 26.7
review: Warframe, more like warfarm b/c there's literally nothing else to do in this game
game-hours: 822.3
review: A game where you grind for materials to create something, then use it to grind for more materials.
game-hours: 5.2
review: it's !
game-hours: 1.5
review: I have no more time...soo grindy
game-hours: 34.0
review: Yes.
game-hours: 9.0
review: I want to be able recommend this game. I really do. but unfortunatly, i can't. The core gameplay is decent fun, with the option to be stealthy or unleash your ninja skills in a full on attack. However, this games biggest problem lies outside of the combat. Getting new gear or warframes without paying requires WAAAY to much grinding to succesfully do. and even after the days you spend grinding and finding materials, you still have to wait several hours or several days before your thing is done crafting. This is absolutly rediculous, expecially considering how much Platinum (premium money) costs. I could buy several games with the amount of money it costs just to buy a couple warframes. It's just not worth the time or money to try to play this game
game-hours: 32.8
review: the same  over and over, don't lose your time play a real game
game-hours: 71.7
review: Get banned after buying platinums. Totally disagree. It says i scam other players, so i request them for evidence, when, how. But no, they suspended my support account.
game-hours: 1254.2
review: A flashy grind-based game with little in the way of actual support. I sure hope you like farming, because that's all there really is to this game. That and waiting, lots and lots of waiting. If you liked Eve Online you'll feel right at home with this game. Everything has a craft time, weapons range from twelve hours to a day, and Warframes take a full three days to craft, of course that's after you've spent twelve hours on each of the three components. Of course you can use cash shop money to accelerate that if you so desire. Though Warframe is not, strictly speaking, pay to win; there's nothing from the cash shop that you can't acquire through grinding, it may just take you a few days/weeks/months longer to get it all than people who payed. The only things that can't be acquired anywhere but the cash shop are all aesthetics; scarves, weapon and Waframe skins, ornamentation for your sentinel, so that's all well and good. But like I said, the trade off is more time than you're liable to want to spend waiting. And every day you log in you get a reward, and many of those are discounts on cash shop currency ranging from 20% to 75%, and that may sound too good to pass up for someone with a particularly long-awaited piece of gear being crafted. Now I should mention that there is absolutely no thought given to balance in this game. There is and always will be a best weapon or Warframe which usually changes with each patch. Now while it's true that there are dozens upon dozens of weapons to choose from, 90% of them are useless. The way that leveling works in this game is pretty standard; level up each piece of equipment by using it in missions. However your account levels up separately from your gear, and this is called your Mastery Rank. You increase your Mastery by leveling up your gear. The more items you level up to max the higher your Mastery. So many items, weapons and Warframes alike, are there just to serve as Mastery fodder; to be leveled up to max for the Mastery and then discarded. Now there are a few items that are locked until you reach a certain Mastery Rank, but for the most part it's just for having a bigger epeen than everyone else. Returning to the issue of balance, it's disheartening how often a new Warframe is released only to have major performance issues that either go unaddressed or if they are addressed, it won't be to any degree significant enough to fix them. Then a few weeks later they'll release a shiny new Warframe with its own issues to make you forget about the last one they didn't bother to fix. The only times DE actually steps in to try and balance anything is when one Warframe is so blatantly overpowered that it can't be ignored. And sometimes they don't even do that much. And what could I possibly say about the developers? DE can't seem to get anything right. Every time they fix something, they break five more things. Sometimes they're outright contemptuous of their playerbase. Not long ago when they released Ember Prime (basically Ember with a few gold bits stuck on) they made sure to encrypt their loot tables so community data miners couldn't see the drop rate of her components. Now that in and of itself isn't much cause for alarm, how many games hide their drop tables from their players? No, it was when they released their Prime Access, a bundle that allowed people sick to death of grinding to pay for Ember Prime and all the primed weapons that came out with her. But again, not terribly out of the ordinary, they have to make their money somewhere. However this particular batch of Prime items seemed infinitely more difficult to acquire than all those that came before. Of course nobody could prove anything since the loot tables weren't available anymore. The worst part about all this is that there's a good game in there struggling to get out. Warframe is fun, make no mistake. So fun in fact that it deserves better developers than Digital Extremes. It should hold your attention for a few hours, and if you have friends to play it with then all the better. But don't use this game as anything other than a time killer for an hour or two. I suppose it's also worth mentioning that there are no dedicated servers, so your experience will only be as good as your host's connection, which is all too often less than spectacular. Granted you can set a minimum ping tolerance for matchmaking and set it as low as you like, but it'll be something of a lonely experience. Or it'll match you with a host with awful ping anyways, which hapens more often than not for me. tl;dr It's really grindy and poorly managed.
game-hours: 5.1
review: gets booring fast...
game-hours: 281.2
review: The Game is gone to Pay to Win....
game-hours: 2.2
review: its just plain simple boring.
game-hours: 1536.4
review: Warbros #1
game-hours: 9.6
review: Warframe is very playable (actual shooting 'feel'), twitch PvE-shooter, which even sounds good. BUT... there's a big BUT. Pretty much all the information imaginable is HIDDEN from the player. That's just terrible game design, considering the game is built around crafting new Warframes and weapons aka reward mechanics. Every single player will encounter following issues, which aren't explained anywhere in the game. Sure, you can check some of these from Wiki, but even then you need to know what to search. Eg. I was confused about Fusion Cores - so I searched that from the Wiki. Too bad there was no information which was relevant nor even link to FUSION, which was completetly other title - and had the exp tables I was looking for. -Affinity orbs appear every few second. What's that? Exp? Exp for warframe? Selected weapon? Everything? -Modification & Fusion cores. There's separate rank AND max rank (which isn't said anywhere) vs Exp vs Exp requirements for leveling up - major f*ckup here. -You can get components, eg. "Reaper Handle" - which you cannot find any information in the game. You'll just have to accept the fact that it's a "prime component", without having any idea what's a prime. Or what do you do with one. -Damage types aren't explained anywhere I'm probably going to check the game out again every now 3-6 months just to see if they've managed to add the relevant information which would make the actual playing FUN.
game-hours: 17.3
review: This game is downright frustrating and boring. The gameplay is repetative, and after the prologue, there is no way or indication for you to know where you're supposed to go next. The only way i imagien this gam to be any fun is if you step in with your friends, and start at the same time. Because any experienced player will just bombard you with information you don't understand, thanks to the system surrounding upgrades and leveling being so confusing. And not to mention my experience with random matchmaking. More often than not, i see two or three high-level blips on my radar, because i get to see them up close twice. Once on level start as they run off, and once at the level exit, where they wait for me when they have murdered everything that moved. Frustratingly complicated systems and no guidance or hint to what level mission to choose, as well as the pairing with high-level players make this game incredebly frustrating for now players. All in all, overly complicated game mechanics and a verry unclear dificulty curve surrounding a repetative core gameply, more resembling of grinding than a fast pace shooter, combine to make this a boring and frustrating game.
game-hours: 60.7
review: Addictive but not for the right reasons Pros: Addictive fun through getting better weapons, frames, and other items Cons: Hard to find squads (teams) to play with on later half of missions due to there being 30 missions per planet and 12+ planets/systems. When playing with others it's usually a speedrun where you don't contribute much because everyone's grinding for parts The game's only really fun solo but if you go solo and are not playing carefully it's very easy to lose the mission and have to start over (or use one of your 4 daily revives) on many frames(characters). And it's not as fun to play solo as other coop games Often feel like you're being baited by a carrot on a stick with promises of better items. I find myself playing to get better items rather than because I want to play a game to shoot enemies. There are a lot of bugs. Most are not game breaking. Sometimes I get stuck in a wall at the start of a mission though. Plat (out of game currency) is stupid expensive, 50% more than LoL. Unlike in LoL where $10 might buy 2 champions, 10$ here will buy you 1.5 guns or frames. Otherwise you have to farm several hours to get the parts for the item and then spend real world money for extra slots for the item or sell one of your other items. After 80 hours (my record shows 60, but I have 20 on another steam account because I accidentally forgot to log out of that) you get a good enough frame and weapons to beat every level. You can certainly get better items than what I have. They just are no longer necessary to beat missions in a meaningful amount of time. I 1 shot level 25 regular troops with my rifle.
game-hours: 992.3
review: nothing more than a grind fest and microtransaction, don't do it to your self. And with every new update it gets worse. Pay 2 Not play, because they dont want you to play only to pay.
game-hours: 26.8
review: Once you've played the first mission, you've played the game.
game-hours: 14.2
review: It's a beautiful game! its hard to explane because its that good! LOVE IT! <3<3<3<3<3<3<3!!!!! WOULD RECOMMEND!
game-hours: 15.5
review: Super awsome space ninja kick  game. To bad I cant sign in with my PSN account I dropped 100$ on that game :( 10/10
game-hours: 229.6
review: WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO TO GET SOME MUTHATRUCKIN ARGON CRYSTALS IN THIS FARMING SIMULATOR?!
game-hours: 612.7
review: boring formulaic generic cash cowframe
game-hours: 174.0
review: Wanna pay to win? This is your game.
game-hours: 11.1
review: pay to win trash....
game-hours: 1205.8
review: Despite the amount of hours I've clocked in (which now kind of feel like a waste to me), the game has great potential, but sadly, it's not sprouting (yet, I hope). The game can be rather really confusing if you're new, even with all the tutorials. Overall, this game's a massive grindfest to get the things that actually interest you if you don't want to spend money (that'll be discussed shortly), and/or if you'd like to reach high ends of the game such as enemies that go off your rank numbers, but sadly, it's rather just the same enemies you fight with the only differences being them having stronger weapons and health. Usually there's eximus versions (elemental/health-leech/energy leech) of the same enemies but even that feels bland and boring. If repetition doesn't bore you easily, you can give it a big whirl, but you'll realize it's rather just the same enemies on different areas, and fighting enemies in outer space directly feels the same but with your accuracy being . The game continues to be updated with bonus events and to give player login rewards, but what the game needs to do is make some improved AI features such as awareness and to make commonly unused weapons and MODs (modifications you can slide onto your weapons, companions, companion's weapon, and Warframe; most you get is to slide on about 9 at once and depending on their rank which goes from zero to thirty and the number on the MOD card, it will drain down how much more energy is in the weapon that you can be limited to. It can be countered with the use of a forma or orokin catalyst, in which a forma puts in a special slot that has a shape in it in which if you put a MOD with its matching shape on the top left of it, the energy drain is cut in half. With the catalyst, it doubles the energy amount, ex: 30 now being 60. Since I've mentioned events earlier, there sometimes are mini events where you get minor bonuses such as double XP, double cash, double resource finding, and so forth. There's also times where there are major events and doing a mission node a repeated amount of times allows you to obtain such material(s), which can vary from rare materials to a large amount of in-game cash. These events allow give introductions of new warframes to obtain, with their latest being Mesa, who looks like someone from Destiny (in fact, you can list some similarity between the two games in terms of design, but I'm not trying to cause any controversy here). There are microtransactions in the game, in which this game sells a lot of weapons, slots (will be talked about in the rating below), cosmetics, all basic-issue Warframes, color packs to change the color of your ship/companions/weapons/warframes, companions, and resources. You can also trade things too, which include getting premium money (so if you're willing to sell your things for that, good luck obtaining someone's interest. Only MODs, prime parts, premium money, keys, DNA prints, and certain resources can be traded. Forget about trading weapons). The only things you can't buy directly from the market are clan-tech weapons in which you must build yourself (where you have your clan dojo with laboratory to do research, one weapon being a flamethrower), and the majority of Prime items (there is usually a time-period where they have Prime Access to the new items that also give exclusives such as 90 day boosters, a few thousand of premium in-game cash, and character icons). Prime items are basically where your Warframes, companions, and weapons have bling and some stat boost that make people drool all over it. Ridiculous on how it goes as once something gets primed, people care for that and leave a lot of weapons behind that look like actual fun. You get the majority of these through grindfests in an area called the Void, and even in here, it's the same enemies just reskinned to look all shiny. The lore is something that needs explanation, too. The lore has so many theories from the community coming up here and there, yet DE hardly ever seems to admit the actual plot. Many try to relate it to this company's other game, Dark Sectors, in which you play as Hayden Tenno, who has a suit that looks similar to one in here called 'Excalibur', his last name is the name of the race you play as (the Tenno), owns a weapon that's 100% the same in here (the Glaive, aka a bladed boomerang), one boss from there is similar to here (a giant fleshy tissue that at first was cool but is now pretty meh), there are flower decals that look like the ones the Lotus has as a symbol (Lotus is your companion and trusted leader), and another character has a suit that looks similar to the one in this game (Nyx). Yet, this company said all connections between Dark Sector and Warframe are incorrect, so there goes that. As far as you will possibly ever know, you are Tenno, there are other factions called: Grineer (messed up clones that are basically conquistadors), Corpus (futuristic merchants in which some go crazy for money), Infested (the same virus issue from Dark Sector, with some of the enemies being infected Grineer and Corpus, but some being things of their own just filled with trainwrecks), Wildlife (wild dogs and manta rays on land), and Corrupted (reskinned enemies of every faction except Wildlife). There are syndicates trying to correct things in their own eyes while having alliances yet opposing opinions with others (optional to be involved there), Grineer try to conquer everything while having a love-hate relation with Corpus (mainly just one guy for cloning and weaponry purposes), Corpus members are either trying to discover about the stuff of the past (Orokin, which is a faction that doesn't exist anymore) and building crazy security bots, Infested just spreading all over and all you can do is help make sure you delay the possible inevitable, Wildlife not caring much, and Void being shiny people corrupted by mind control. What about Tenno? You guys are some crazy ninjas who can do sick moves yet you're recently up from cryostasis, so you don't know jack about your past or anything about the Lotus, but hey, go with the flow I guess. In reality, I like this game, it has potential, enemies and design are nice, weapons are nice as well, but apparently the company's only solution is to keep adding content over content over content to leave a majority of the players blinded by fashion-purposes while the few that have a brain start leaving. 4.5/10, if you want to take a look, go for it, I wouldn't recommend throwing money on it since money is needed on slots for holding your weapons, warframes, and companions. Glad resources don't have to be a part of it, and I'm glad they give you a starter amount on the premium money. tl;dr - game has potential, devs are just adding content after content instead of fixing actual problems, and game is repetitive piece of bland content.
game-hours: 1848.9
review: One of the two best indie games of 2013/2014. Strongly recommend.
game-hours: 18.0
review: GRINDING SIM REPETATIVE GAMEPLAY
game-hours: 517.3
review: Wait for the next patch. I heard they were going to add gameplay and fun in it.
game-hours: 544.2
review: Throughout the time I have played this game I have noticed 2 things: 1) The Devs and Community Moderators are  2) Warbros is most certainly, beyond a single doubt, so very definitely, #1. This game is near beyond saving. It isn't worth your time, effort, or money (if you decide to put money into it, otherwise most content is grindable). Seriously though.
game-hours: 615.7
review: pls no save yourself
game-hours: 9.1
review: after the eyecandy loses it's shine you will find a boring, tedious game with gay- artwork, super repetitive assets and a world of losers playing it. you'd have to be stupid not to see through this scam. they make their money by relying on their players huge egos and low self esteem.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Has the makings of a fun spectacle fighter, but is ruined by being a free to play game. Also it's got that weird MMO feeling where it doesn't actually feel like any of your attacks have any weight. It's awful.
game-hours: 919.9
review: The best losing connection game ever. no matter where you are, loss your fxxking connection plz! It`s becoming worse and worse, more and more bugs everytime. You got good items? Sorry plz loss your connection. You finnaly win the game? Sorry plz loss your connecton. I used to loss all my items after a 2 hours fight, and uncountable 1 hour gaming as well. so I never play survival for more than 40 minutes anymore. keep doing same thing all the time is boring, but I want to collect everything in this game, and I now finally loss my patience, Since everytime the game updates it becomes worse, and the connection problem has existed for 2 years, never been solved. Fxxk you DE, piss off. I never blame you for not making the game funny, but I blame you for making it .
game-hours: 11.2
review: cannot make a account its sending me to websights that involve hacking...
game-hours: 25.0
review: 8.0/10
game-hours: 1396.4
review: This game is very pretty. It is smooth and fluid. You should not play it. First thing you have to do is select one of 3 characters to play. Only 3 choices. This account is now locked to that one, you cannot change it without buying, with real life cuyrrency, new ones. Without even playing the game, you make a choice that defines your basic gameplay: no reasoned choice here, roll the dice and open your wallet. There are also a ton of character types, but they only open 3 initially, you have to buy the rest. Second thing you do is run amok, then you die. You revive. You do this 4 times until you have no more revives and you lose the mission. You restart only to die and find that you can only revive 4 times per day. Not 4 times per mission. Continued.......................way more bad first impressions,m very unforgiving. EDIT: So this part is critical. This game does one thing very badly: it is not friendly to new players. All of the above is a first impression of about 4 hours of play, and that's the exact impression it gives. There is a large wiki, but there is no simple instructions on the game, its mechanics or your progression through it. I, for example, assumed we started on Earth, a stupid assumption but hey, we are the center of everything right Copernicus? Turns out that is why I died so damn much. In no way Warframe's fault, all mine. Sadly, the rest is the direct impression I recieved from Warframe just starting out. It does not say anywhere initially you can build other frames, there is no explanation of anything and the first choice you make IS entirely arbitrary but DOES affect the entire first dozen or so hours into the game. Also, you will need to spend RLC on this game in the form of Warframe slots and Weapon Inventory slots, or you'll have to delete all of your hard earned weapons you like so much, to make room for more. Anyone who tells you it is unnecassary to spend money in this game is being disingenous. Strictly accurate, but disingenous. There is something to be said for first impressions, and this game had a terrible one to the uninitiated. From that point forward, this game is FAN-IN-TASTIC. More on that in a sec. More importantly, the developers are outrageously great for any game, doubly so for a free to play game. I have played many others, and feel like I am being abused by a bunch of sexual deviants. This game? I have never had a better impression of a developer in any game, ever. I have spent money on other games, feeling a little foolish and knowingly screwed. I feel good about spending cash here as for the first time, I am not treated like , funny how that morale thing works. The people that run this game are top notch, no better example have I seen to date. Back to the game. I am nearing 500 hours on the game, my enthusiasm is waning slightly, but almost 500 hours. For a game I hated for the first 12 hours. Advice, slog through the learning curve bull here, ask more questions than anyone wants to answer, you noob, and if you like blowing up hundreds of creepy, messed up bad guys, slicing dudes in half with a bow or customozing pretty much everything (except the gold prime stripes :) which are great), you'll enjoy this thouroughly. That was long. The gist, game rocks, developers rock more, be stubborn and it pays off huge, blow  up with a fully modded rocket launcher, blow yourself up with said rocket launcher, and repeat :)
game-hours: 737.3
review: It's amazing, it's free, and you can earn platinum (real money currency) simply by playing the game and selling items to other players!
game-hours: 168.1
review: "10/10 would bang" -IGN
game-hours: 78.2
review: Not only that the graphics are amazing, and gameplay its awesome and epic. I love this game so much. I have played this game before having steam, before the game even came out in steam, and I played it when it first came out, I used to get bored playing this game until the game improved and made lots of cool changes. It is really awesome. Set in the far reaches of outer space during a new Dark Age, WARFRAME introduces the Tenno, a race on the brink of extinction after being enslaved by the Grineer for centuries. Players enter WARFRAME on the cusp of the Grineer's victory over the Tenno until they begin to arm themselves with WARFRAMES - an ancient exo-skeletal technology only they can operate. Hidden within the Orokin Derelicts of a lost civilization, new WARFRAMES lie dormant and undiscovered. These artifacts are the Tenno's only hope for survival.
game-hours: 78.8
review: Good game, but TOO MANY BUGS including random disconnecting from server and more.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Ce jeu est vraiment l'un des meilleurs mme au niveau graphisme :) On peut refaire  souhait tout les niveaux :) Par contre, comment dbloquer une sentinelle telle est la question ? :p Les pouvoirs sont aussi trop cool ! Je recommane ce jeu au fans de science fiction et amateurs de sensations ^^
game-hours: 23.4
review: Warframe is one of the best FTP games I have ever played. Maybe even the best. Although there is an option to purchase some items with real money, it is not needed. You can play the game and unlock everything without spending a dime. Recently (a couple of months ago) a huge update came out and made the game even better then it was before. In Warframe you are an elite ninja alien warrior that can performe badass movements like running on walls, sliding, backflips and more. There a 15+ warframes you can play but you have unlock then via blueprints or buying them with platinum (in game currency). There are many different planets you can unlock by playing the game and beating the levels. The are many enviroments ranging from interiors of space ships, lush green lands, and arctic lands. Warframe is an amazing game but it may take a little bit of time to master all the different types of jumps and parqor you can do. If capable computer to run warframe then there is no reason not to get it.
game-hours: 25.0
review: 8.0/10
game-hours: 168.1
review: "10/10 would bang" -IGN
game-hours: 1396.4
review: This game is very pretty. It is smooth and fluid. You should not play it. First thing you have to do is select one of 3 characters to play. Only 3 choices. This account is now locked to that one, you cannot change it without buying, with real life cuyrrency, new ones. Without even playing the game, you make a choice that defines your basic gameplay: no reasoned choice here, roll the dice and open your wallet. There are also a ton of character types, but they only open 3 initially, you have to buy the rest. Second thing you do is run amok, then you die. You revive. You do this 4 times until you have no more revives and you lose the mission. You restart only to die and find that you can only revive 4 times per day. Not 4 times per mission. Continued.......................way more bad first impressions,m very unforgiving. EDIT: So this part is critical. This game does one thing very badly: it is not friendly to new players. All of the above is a first impression of about 4 hours of play, and that's the exact impression it gives. There is a large wiki, but there is no simple instructions on the game, its mechanics or your progression through it. I, for example, assumed we started on Earth, a stupid assumption but hey, we are the center of everything right Copernicus? Turns out that is why I died so damn much. In no way Warframe's fault, all mine. Sadly, the rest is the direct impression I recieved from Warframe just starting out. It does not say anywhere initially you can build other frames, there is no explanation of anything and the first choice you make IS entirely arbitrary but DOES affect the entire first dozen or so hours into the game. Also, you will need to spend RLC on this game in the form of Warframe slots and Weapon Inventory slots, or you'll have to delete all of your hard earned weapons you like so much, to make room for more. Anyone who tells you it is unnecassary to spend money in this game is being disingenous. Strictly accurate, but disingenous. There is something to be said for first impressions, and this game had a terrible one to the uninitiated. From that point forward, this game is FAN-IN-TASTIC. More on that in a sec. More importantly, the developers are outrageously great for any game, doubly so for a free to play game. I have played many others, and feel like I am being abused by a bunch of sexual deviants. This game? I have never had a better impression of a developer in any game, ever. I have spent money on other games, feeling a little foolish and knowingly screwed. I feel good about spending cash here as for the first time, I am not treated like , funny how that morale thing works. The people that run this game are top notch, no better example have I seen to date. Back to the game. I am nearing 500 hours on the game, my enthusiasm is waning slightly, but almost 500 hours. For a game I hated for the first 12 hours. Advice, slog through the learning curve bull here, ask more questions than anyone wants to answer, you noob, and if you like blowing up hundreds of creepy, messed up bad guys, slicing dudes in half with a bow or customozing pretty much everything (except the gold prime stripes :) which are great), you'll enjoy this thouroughly. That was long. The gist, game rocks, developers rock more, be stubborn and it pays off huge, blow  up with a fully modded rocket launcher, blow yourself up with said rocket launcher, and repeat :)
game-hours: 50.3
review: More grinding than a Persian Hooker on a triple night shift
game-hours: 0.6
review: Probably the most glitchiest game I've seen so far, can't even finish the tutorial without getting myself stuck in a wall or getting wrecked by orbital artillery without knowing what the hell to do.
game-hours: 184.5
review: Full of glitches and pretty much just mass effect with parkour.
game-hours: 200.1
review: Amazing graphics, amazing gameplay and the 4 player mode is awesome also.
game-hours: 293.7
review: This game is quite interesting if you wanna be a stealthy ninja, it's quite difficult to understand the game at first but once you get used to it, you'll understand it, i mean you can costumize your Warframes,costumize weapons,..etc, i give the game a 9/10 it's very addicting.
game-hours: 13.4
review: sucks
game-hours: 1050.8
review: Nothing but a farming sim, there are grindwalls behind grindwalls. You will find yourself playing the game subconsciously and have that be your illusion of "fun"
game-hours: 804.7
review: I used to love this game but after buying platinum (in game credits) and not receiving them I started asking help from the support. I've sent every evidence that I did pay but they said they couldn't help me. Note that this is my second time buying platinum the first time went great but now I just feel really cheated. I just can't play something that make me feel so cheated. I was even really excited :c to think I've been boasting this game to my friends and how awesome it is T^T
game-hours: 1.0
review: Disappointment i'd say. See so many great review so i decided to try out. First, Great graphic. And gear is well design. The game remind me of Halo. I played few mission but i dont really like it. The control is a little bit funny. Maybe because of the keyboard. And the character's motion look weird. Also Ai is kinda dumb. Not say this is a bad game. But i wont recommend unless u are a big space type of game lover willing to put up with those stuff. See some real in gaming video before you download this.
game-hours: 1.8
review: It was quite fun in the beginning but I got bored pretty fast.
game-hours: 225.2
review: Can't really recommend a game when the devs don't even know what to do with it.
game-hours: 113.1
review: hack slash shooter 3rd person dungeon crawler with some of the worst setups imaginable. Unlocking new characters cost a lot and weapons are pretty mediocre.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Cant exactly give a good rateing here. From what i saw the game was going to be fun but there was a problem with makeing it start and run on my computer. Never could get it up and running no matter what i did.
game-hours: 1007.6
review: why do I even play this game
game-hours: 2.4
review: Extremely off-putting to new players. Not worth the effort.
game-hours: 13.4
review: sucks
game-hours: 782.2
review: EDIT: After writing the review, I put in an additional 300 hours into the game (outside steam). After reaching MR 12, getting endgame gears with ~ 48k /s sustained dps with just 5forma synnoid gammacor (I earned via max rank Suda), invincible Dragon Nikana build, 3 forma'ed Phage with ~30-50k/s dps etc. I can safely say I can 1shot most enemies. I have Mesa, Nova, Limbo, Hydroid, Mirage etc. (all earned i.e. no plat used) and they were quite fun initially; however, everything feels bland now. Nothing to do but farm fodder for Mastery Rank. It was a great game to kill time but I ESSENTIALLY have nothing more to see in this game. I beat it. ________________________________________________________________________________ Albeit top notch in terms of gameplay, graphical fidelity, logevity and a fair, successfuly free to play model, Warframe is not something I would recommend to my acquaintances. There is a plethora of content for players to indulge years into (in some cases without even feeling the grind). It's a fantastic game; however, it's not meant for everyone. Due to it's severe high barriers of entry, it makes the game hugely unpopular amonst new players. I personally, was lucky enough to find loyal, and caring Clanmates within my first few days of playing Warframe; most aren't. Steam global achievements will show only ~ 25% players even making it to rank 0 -> rank 1 (a feat which should take no more than about an hour if you know what you are doing or at most a few days (there is a 24hr wait if the player fails the ranking exam). This doesn't necessarily give out a good message to the general public. In-game, the playerbase is extremely crude and unforgiving towards new players. With a game so vast, it is natural for jargon to be tossed around carelessly, however, to a player starting out, this is a major turn off. Folks who put in years of game-time often anticipate expert-level response from players starting out as well; this is natural, but does not leave much room for learning effectively. With poor tutorials. explanations of concept, and heavy reliance on the wiki for practically everything, it can get irritating. I was not lazy. I learned every single mechanic in the game within a week (literally got to rank 7 in 7days (i.e. I had MR points capped before my rank-up exams) and was taking part in T4 content; not too many are willing to do what I did though. This is why I would give the game a 10/10 rating, but not recommend to new players.
game-hours: 4.0
review: Nice graphics but to me focuses too much on flashy fighting and not so much on gameplay. Also the levelling is just plain annoying and the game feels too much like Borderlands, Mass Effect and Spiral Knights mixed together.
game-hours: 4.1
review: This game well it basically just sucks. Ive played this for 4 hours and i have owned it for about 1 year. It has a crap story and has the weirdest looking characters ever seen in a game in my veiw. I have some freinds that have spent about 100 dollars on this and all i have to say is WHY U DO DAT U COULD HAVE BOTTEN 4 OR 5 DIFFERENT GAMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 551.4
review: Sleek.
game-hours: 2.1
review: If you like to grind for 40 hours and then quit the game then this is exactly what you're looking for
game-hours: 479.9
review: THIS GAME GAVE ME CANCER
game-hours: 31.6
review: Right. So. Third person action shooter where you play a sort of bio-cyberninja in space. Sounds pretty badass doesn't it? Well to be perfectly honest it's pretty ing average. The game looks beautiful. There's no doubt about that, solid graphics and kick  visual designs. The controls work, the gameplay works, leveling up works something like a collectible card game where you slot different upgrades into weapons. So what's the problem? There are about 6 different mission objective types spread across 4 differnt map styles, spread across 50 "missions" Oh and some missions combine multiple objectives. Did I mention the maps are all randomly generated? Yeah... It's pretty much the same thing over and over with no real semblance of a plot or engaging set peices. It's just kill kill kill like Diablo. It's a good thing it's free becuase I wouldn't drop a dime on it.
game-hours: 2.9
review: too repetitive + the worst map design I've ever seen
game-hours: 7.9
review: Tedious and boring grind fest with some flashy graphics. It's basically korean MMOs all over again with in-game purchases (lol "free" to play).
game-hours: 7.2
review: it is fun at first until you realize all the levels are the same
game-hours: 42.4
review: Laden with shockingly expensive microtransactions.
game-hours: 84.9
review: It's a very nice futuristic game. The appearance of the Warframes looks cool. The mod system is very awesome and there are so many weapons to choose from. :DD
game-hours: 2.4
review: Extremely off-putting to new players. Not worth the effort.
game-hours: 782.2
review: EDIT: After writing the review, I put in an additional 300 hours into the game (outside steam). After reaching MR 12, getting endgame gears with ~ 48k /s sustained dps with just 5forma synnoid gammacor (I earned via max rank Suda), invincible Dragon Nikana build, 3 forma'ed Phage with ~30-50k/s dps etc. I can safely say I can 1shot most enemies. I have Mesa, Nova, Limbo, Hydroid, Mirage etc. (all earned i.e. no plat used) and they were quite fun initially; however, everything feels bland now. Nothing to do but farm fodder for Mastery Rank. It was a great game to kill time but I ESSENTIALLY have nothing more to see in this game. I beat it. ________________________________________________________________________________ Albeit top notch in terms of gameplay, graphical fidelity, logevity and a fair, successfuly free to play model, Warframe is not something I would recommend to my acquaintances. There is a plethora of content for players to indulge years into (in some cases without even feeling the grind). It's a fantastic game; however, it's not meant for everyone. Due to it's severe high barriers of entry, it makes the game hugely unpopular amonst new players. I personally, was lucky enough to find loyal, and caring Clanmates within my first few days of playing Warframe; most aren't. Steam global achievements will show only ~ 25% players even making it to rank 0 -> rank 1 (a feat which should take no more than about an hour if you know what you are doing or at most a few days (there is a 24hr wait if the player fails the ranking exam). This doesn't necessarily give out a good message to the general public. In-game, the playerbase is extremely crude and unforgiving towards new players. With a game so vast, it is natural for jargon to be tossed around carelessly, however, to a player starting out, this is a major turn off. Folks who put in years of game-time often anticipate expert-level response from players starting out as well; this is natural, but does not leave much room for learning effectively. With poor tutorials. explanations of concept, and heavy reliance on the wiki for practically everything, it can get irritating. I was not lazy. I learned every single mechanic in the game within a week (literally got to rank 7 in 7days (i.e. I had MR points capped before my rank-up exams) and was taking part in T4 content; not too many are willing to do what I did though. This is why I would give the game a 10/10 rating, but not recommend to new players.
game-hours: 13.4
review: Yes. If you like a mindlessly grinding. No. The community is full of a**holes, servers lag a LOT when playing with others, pay to win is noteably present.
game-hours: 804.7
review: I used to love this game but after buying platinum (in game credits) and not receiving them I started asking help from the support. I've sent every evidence that I did pay but they said they couldn't help me. Note that this is my second time buying platinum the first time went great but now I just feel really cheated. I just can't play something that make me feel so cheated. I was even really excited :c to think I've been boasting this game to my friends and how awesome it is T^T
game-hours: 1.0
review: Disappointment i'd say. See so many great review so i decided to try out. First, Great graphic. And gear is well design. The game remind me of Halo. I played few mission but i dont really like it. The control is a little bit funny. Maybe because of the keyboard. And the character's motion look weird. Also Ai is kinda dumb. Not say this is a bad game. But i wont recommend unless u are a big space type of game lover willing to put up with those stuff. See some real in gaming video before you download this.
game-hours: 1.8
review: It was quite fun in the beginning but I got bored pretty fast.
game-hours: 225.2
review: Can't really recommend a game when the devs don't even know what to do with it.
game-hours: 113.1
review: hack slash shooter 3rd person dungeon crawler with some of the worst setups imaginable. Unlocking new characters cost a lot and weapons are pretty mediocre.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Cant exactly give a good rateing here. From what i saw the game was going to be fun but there was a problem with makeing it start and run on my computer. Never could get it up and running no matter what i did.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Tedious and boring grind fest with some flashy graphics. It's basically korean MMOs all over again with in-game purchases (lol "free" to play).
game-hours: 7.2
review: it is fun at first until you realize all the levels are the same
game-hours: 42.4
review: Laden with shockingly expensive microtransactions.
game-hours: 167.8
review: Yup instaled played 2 hours . Couldn't login back again . Unistalled. If you want to beat up an old lady on the street I don't suggest this crap .
game-hours: 0.3
review: graphics are nice but WTF I cant login this game is ed up
game-hours: 0.5
review: Downloaded it. Made an account. Says my email is fine but my password is wrong, even though i had just logged into the website with it. I got a password change and the game yet still says my password is wrong. Nice to download a game that doesnt even have a working log in system.
game-hours: 21.0
review: Complete . game wont even let you log in.
game-hours: 3.7
review: Can't bear tidious pathfinding and endless similar patten missions & enemies. In-door missions make me claustrophobic... Hardly find what's fun part in this game. (apart from free to play)
game-hours: 59.1
review: I it wouldn't be pay to win i would really enjoy this game.................. It's really a shame you have to buy everything with money :l
game-hours: 0.2
review: - Tried to create an alias under Steam name, KSEXLR8. - Got banned for having an offensive alias. - Last time I preach the God's word to go forth and multiply.
game-hours: 88.4
review: The game is broken for me. Developers couldn't add a simple fps cap in the game so it's completely unplayable. Since my only experience is from 2013, I'll be basing my review off that. Its another cheap F2P game. The game gets monotonous very quickly since there are few mission/enemy variety. Whenever you want to create a gun or something, it makes you wait a few hours or a day or two. I can't remember. You can bypass this by of course spending real money. Skip on this one. Also suck it fanboys.
game-hours: 54.3
review: Keeps on saying User no found with that email. I say crap I did register with that email and used that same password please fix it
game-hours: 21.2
review: If running around and skipping enemies just to get to the objective and ignoring everything on your way, including team mates tha that need help is your idea of fun, knock yourself out. This was my experience playing with pretty much anyone that joined my team after 20+ hours of play.
game-hours: 32.6
review: if your name is dylan then your will be really bad at this game. Dont play if you are dylan 1/10 Would Play Again
game-hours: 72.3
review: To be honest I woulnt really recomend this game, you need to download teh launcher, then download the game from the launcher which takes far too long, I was relieved when I got the initial download done, but then I had to wait even longer for the actual game to download
game-hours: 23.4
review: Warframe is one of the best FTP games I have ever played. Maybe even the best. Although there is an option to purchase some items with real money, it is not needed. You can play the game and unlock everything without spending a dime. Recently (a couple of months ago) a huge update came out and made the game even better then it was before. In Warframe you are an elite ninja alien warrior that can performe badass movements like running on walls, sliding, backflips and more. There a 15+ warframes you can play but you have unlock then via blueprints or buying them with platinum (in game currency). There are many different planets you can unlock by playing the game and beating the levels. The are many enviroments ranging from interiors of space ships, lush green lands, and arctic lands. Warframe is an amazing game but it may take a little bit of time to master all the different types of jumps and parqor you can do. If capable computer to run warframe then there is no reason not to get it.
game-hours: 167.8
review: Yup instaled played 2 hours . Couldn't login back again . Unistalled. If you want to beat up an old lady on the street I don't suggest this crap .
game-hours: 0.3
review: graphics are nice but WTF I cant login this game is ed up
game-hours: 0.5
review: Downloaded it. Made an account. Says my email is fine but my password is wrong, even though i had just logged into the website with it. I got a password change and the game yet still says my password is wrong. Nice to download a game that doesnt even have a working log in system.
game-hours: 21.0
review: Complete . game wont even let you log in.
game-hours: 0.2
review: - Tried to create an alias under Steam name, KSEXLR8. - Got banned for having an offensive alias. - Last time I preach the God's word to go forth and multiply.
game-hours: 0.3
review: LOTUS PACK are these little girls in diaper -- fishing for money??
game-hours: 321.4
review: A facebook game designed as a shooter. Devs re-do game systems monthly and break everything. More grind than a JRPG. Nah.
game-hours: 3.8
review: this is a cool game w an alien ninja 3rd person shooter w cool puzzles. i highly recommend it! it's free & comes w steam achievements... so why not?! :)
game-hours: 56.0
review: Superb game! Lots of fun collecting all the items t build something and a very cool bow :D
game-hours: 111.9
review: Most amazing game i have ever played!
game-hours: 3.9
review: You get more than what you pay for, which doesnt say much since you paid nothing. You can buy items with real money, but it still isnt a p2w and most of those items can be aquired without spending a dime. Its a good pass time to play an hour here and there, it does get repetitive, but you cant expect a perfect game when its free and not a p2w.
game-hours: 74.8
review: This game is AMAZING!!! Seriously if you havent got it, then Get it already.
game-hours: 270.1
review: Excellent free to play game where the gameplay is all that matters, i mean just look at it great graphics but yet so much optimization going on you could probably run this on a potato (not really but you get me) so it has excellent graphics and artstyle but it also has excelent coop gameplay unsurpased for milions of years to come! 10/10 Would bang and play all day.
game-hours: 64.8
review: Pros: :Diverse range of equipment/modifications which allow deep levels of customisation to fit around your playstyle. :Interesting combat system. The system is agility based, allowing wall running and slides mid combat in order to flank enemies and avoid their fire. :Beautiful visuals. This comes down to personal opinion but the art style of the game appeals a lot to me. The different warframes and weapons look amazing with each one having its own distinct charactistics. However, I do feel some of the environments aren't the best to look at but this is only the case for a few maps. :It's free. When I say free, I really mean free, not a "free to play" that means "pay to win". Although there is an opinion to purchase weapons and warframes with premium currency you can get everything within the game with in game currency. Obviously, this takes much longer but it is still possible. The only things you can't buy with in game currency are item and warframe slots, meaning you may have to sell old weapons to make way for new ones. :Constantly improving. I have only played since Update 14 but before playing this game I watched some old footage to see what the game was like and you can tell it has come a long way since some of the first versions. Hopefully this will continue into the future as Warframe becomes an even better game. Cons: :Requires grinding. This is a big issue. Everything you create through a blueprint requires resources to create it and resources can be found on missions in small amounts. This means if you want to create new gear, you need to grind for the materials. Then, once you have the new gear it's at level 0, meaning you have to grind even more to get it to a high enough level to be in line with the rest of your gear. Then if you want mods ("perks" that can be found randomly on missions and equiped afterwards) to improve the gear to fit your playstyle you need to grind AGAIN. At the time of writing I am still fairly new to the game (my warframe is rank 10) and grinding aspects are already apparent. :Repetitive. The maps are made up of floors randomly added together to create a map. However for each "zone" (Spaceship/colony/mining facility) there are a set amount of floors they have designed so you very quickly find yourself running through the same floors again and again. This becomes even more apparent as you begin grinding for resources. :Complex to start. There is a lot to learn very quickly in Warframe. Mods, The Foundry, The Marketplace and Equipment are the main ones and I found myself having to find some beginner's guides online in order to understand some of these features, particularly the mod system. :The enemy AI. Enemies don't spot you in plain sight, the take cover with their backs towards you at times and are incredibly predictable. The AI uses a swarm technique all the time to try to kill you and there is never any variation. After a few hours of play you can very quickly learn how enemies will react to most situations. Overall I am really enjoying this game and I would recommend this game to some people and I wouldn't to others. Those who hate grindfest games like Diablo will not be able to look past the grinding aspect of this game and will hate this. However if you can look past all the background aspects and believe gameplay is the most important part of a game, you will love this because it is fun to play, plain and simple. You run around chopping people in half while running along walls, what's not to love? tldr: Great fun but incredibly grindy, at the very least try this due to it being free
game-hours: 64.8
review: Pros: :Diverse range of equipment/modifications which allow deep levels of customisation to fit around your playstyle. :Interesting combat system. The system is agility based, allowing wall running and slides mid combat in order to flank enemies and avoid their fire. :Beautiful visuals. This comes down to personal opinion but the art style of the game appeals a lot to me. The different warframes and weapons look amazing with each one having its own distinct charactistics. However, I do feel some of the environments aren't the best to look at but this is only the case for a few maps. :It's free. When I say free, I really mean free, not a "free to play" that means "pay to win". Although there is an opinion to purchase weapons and warframes with premium currency you can get everything within the game with in game currency. Obviously, this takes much longer but it is still possible. The only things you can't buy with in game currency are item and warframe slots, meaning you may have to sell old weapons to make way for new ones. :Constantly improving. I have only played since Update 14 but before playing this game I watched some old footage to see what the game was like and you can tell it has come a long way since some of the first versions. Hopefully this will continue into the future as Warframe becomes an even better game. Cons: :Requires grinding. This is a big issue. Everything you create through a blueprint requires resources to create it and resources can be found on missions in small amounts. This means if you want to create new gear, you need to grind for the materials. Then, once you have the new gear it's at level 0, meaning you have to grind even more to get it to a high enough level to be in line with the rest of your gear. Then if you want mods ("perks" that can be found randomly on missions and equiped afterwards) to improve the gear to fit your playstyle you need to grind AGAIN. At the time of writing I am still fairly new to the game (my warframe is rank 10) and grinding aspects are already apparent. :Repetitive. The maps are made up of floors randomly added together to create a map. However for each "zone" (Spaceship/colony/mining facility) there are a set amount of floors they have designed so you very quickly find yourself running through the same floors again and again. This becomes even more apparent as you begin grinding for resources. :Complex to start. There is a lot to learn very quickly in Warframe. Mods, The Foundry, The Marketplace and Equipment are the main ones and I found myself having to find some beginner's guides online in order to understand some of these features, particularly the mod system. :The enemy AI. Enemies don't spot you in plain sight, the take cover with their backs towards you at times and are incredibly predictable. The AI uses a swarm technique all the time to try to kill you and there is never any variation. After a few hours of play you can very quickly learn how enemies will react to most situations. Overall I am really enjoying this game and I would recommend this game to some people and I wouldn't to others. Those who hate grindfest games like Diablo will not be able to look past the grinding aspect of this game and will hate this. However if you can look past all the background aspects and believe gameplay is the most important part of a game, you will love this because it is fun to play, plain and simple. You run around chopping people in half while running along walls, what's not to love? tldr: Great fun but incredibly grindy, at the very least try this due to it being free
game-hours: 1.9
review: much good, would reccommend. only downside, you need a good computer to not lag, a windows 7 will lag unless you put the settings right. So in other words, get it, play it, love it.
game-hours: 4.9
review: Warframe is a thirdperson shooter, its a great game to play alone or with your freinds. this is diffrent than other thirdperson shooters each mission takes 30mins to beat at a normal rate. The graphics are great. This game is not to hard nor to easy. the storyline is great! Overall i think anyone who is a fan of thirdperson shooter should hit that download button right away, may the massive world of warframe awiat!
game-hours: 1.4
review: Mediocre. That is what this is. The game's shooting is boring, but the swordplay is pretty cool. Since this is only a campaign, I am sure it will get boring soon, but it is free, so who cares? Maybe they will add something new since it is in beta. Either way, we alredy know what the best f2p game is, and that is TF2. I will recommend it, but it honestly sin't the best.
game-hours: 231.5
review: You think I got this forma for being slow? I got this cause I'm FAAAAAST.
game-hours: 111.9
review: Most amazing game i have ever played!
game-hours: 0.7
review: Not bad:)
game-hours: 811.6
review: You ninja things and sometimes win sometimes lose but you lose less when you win and get better and less scrubby, and crafting takes a long  time unless you pay monnies you rich person what do you think because you have money you're better than other space zombie ninjas? Jerk. This has been a professional review by me. Final review score; 9/10 I guess this game is okay.
game-hours: 361.3
review: Defintely worth playing.
game-hours: 11.9
review: "Spandex ninja's in space" - Circumsoldier I'd play that 10/10
game-hours: 103.9
review: MONEY, DOSH, DOLLA BILLS, EUROS, RUPEES! It doesn't matter what you call it, you need it for this free game. Calling this game free to play is like calling wet dog a nice smell. Sure you can purchase everything with the in game cash but unless you have until the 31st century you'll be stuck with the starter gear, getting new warframes (the characters/suits you use) you need to kill a boss over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over trying to get 3 special blueprints from it, then spend cash to craft them, then buy the main blueprint and spend 3 DAYS crafting it, and then it's mostly worthless unless you use real money to upgrade it to hold more mods that make it useful. Now of course with some buddies it's not that bad because the grind is faster, but if one of your friends is rich then YOU HAVE BEEN SENT A SIGN FROM THE WARFRAME GODS. But either way it's a fun enough game, hack and slash your way through several nice looking locals, fighting several different groups of enemies that require different tactics, and it's still in beta belive it or not. Overall i give this one a U out of 5. And remember kids, dosh dosh dosh.
game-hours: 499.8
review: a
game-hours: 12.9
review: This is a good game, it kind of lacks on gunplay, but it`s easy enough to be fun.
game-hours: 98.1
review: Really good if not for the connectivity issues
game-hours: 1370.4
review: neat
game-hours: 6.9
review: I haven't played much in this game so my review won't be based on the entire gameplay or story elements. I have had only one complaint with the game and it is completely personal opinion. In a similar fashion to other multiplayer FPS games you can rank up your character to unlock more abilities/powers/guns/etc. However in Warframe you have to wait 24 hours before you can rank up your first level. This means you are stuck using the same crap gear while grinding until you can unlock anything else, for at least 24 hours. But that isn't my problem. I can wait 1 day, no biggie. I come back the next day to rank up. First I have to pass a mission in 60 seconds. My newb  fails and now I have to wait another 24 hours... Annoying! I would continue to play and grind using my crap gear but honestly I don't want to. That is my only complaint of what LITTLE I have experienced of Warframe. If that doesn't bother you then there are lots of pros to this game such as; coop multiplayer, tons of variety in character customization, intense fast paced FPS action (technically 3rd person), and many others that I didn't get to. Forcing me into only wanting to play the game for a few minutes every 24 hours just isn't worth my time, personally.
game-hours: 1.4
review: I played maybe 10 minutes of the game and quite frankly i wanted to kill myself, but then i stopped playing. then it was like being freed from a holocaust camp in 1945 and all sorts of hope,feelings, pride, respect all came back to my being as my soul was returned from the pits of tartarus known as warframe. So in short no, i do NOT recommend it, i do NOT want to play more, i do NOT wish this upon my worst enemy, and it would require them to pay me at least 50$ an hour play. So pretty much, they would have to pay a nuclear scientist fee for this game to ever touch my hardrive again.
game-hours: 279.0
review: This game..... is just the bees' knees, I mean really and truthfully, it's so damn good for a free to play.
game-hours: 220.7
review: Fun game, derp.
game-hours: 10.3
review: its a game that is very game like
game-hours: 0.7
review: Not bad:)
game-hours: 811.7
review: You ninja things and sometimes win sometimes lose but you lose less when you win and get better and less scrubby, and crafting takes a long  time unless you pay monnies you rich person what do you think because you have money you're better than other space zombie ninjas? Jerk. This has been a professional review by me. Final review score; 9/10 I guess this game is okay.
game-hours: 5.4
review: Sick brah.
game-hours: 19.9
review: try it
game-hours: 1847.3
review: WELCOME TO DIE
game-hours: 13.1
review: Best game evar.
game-hours: 19.5
review: 9/10 its awsome!! Btw i recomend using a controller on this game.
game-hours: 154.6
review: Nine/Tenno
game-hours: 846.4
review: Pretty much RPG TF2 with wayyyyy more loadout combinations(cross class is available lel)! PLAY NOW MUDDA ERS!
game-hours: 196.0
review: They steal your money and there community is full of "lol n00b g3t a l1fe". I hate this game.
game-hours: 140.5
review: Volt  too big,excalibur has no deek
game-hours: 3.0
review: STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME. It is the most boring, tedious grinding game ever. Just a generic hamster wheel with a hole for your money.
game-hours: 60.7
review: The most amazing game i've ever play ! awesome ! 10/10 its free !
game-hours: 7.2
review: FUN GAME BRUH
game-hours: 16.8
review: Pretty cool game andnot to hard to play
game-hours: 376.8
review: I've played this game for a year and a half, and I will say, DE has come a long way. Warframe is an amazing FTP game. The graphics are outstanting as well. Some minor glitches here and there, but it's beta. Easily 10/10
game-hours: 19.0
review: This game is awesome. You got a character (you can select 3 different in the start) and the character is called A Tenno. You are a kind of an elite group and will get some missions. The grafic in the game is also pretty good and sound is awesome. It takes some time to learn all the controls and how to use them in fight. But its easy to shoot and it works good whit guns,rifles,and other. Theres also some totaly sci-fi weapons and you can use mods on your Tenno and weapons. A other weapon is sword. Tennos is like a ninja and can make stealth kills. If you just take rifle and starts shotting a bunch of enemys they will alarm. And so there will come alot of enemys after you. But if the alarm starts you can hack the system and it will reset to normal security. thats a bit about the game. I think that this should cost money its so good. The only bad thing is that its a bit hard to get weapons. but the start weapons a fine so you can use them whitout getting to much troubble in mission. And in the missions you can make a squad whit 2-4 random players or some from your clan. And 75% will make teamwork and 25% will just drive solo. So i give 9/10 stars. THIS GAME IS AWESOME DOWNLOAD IT
game-hours: 24.3
review: great game deserves an award
game-hours: 958.7
review: good game honestly one of the best f2p out there
game-hours: 39.5
review: Great game.. epic combat 10/10
game-hours: 71.3
review: Really fun. And free. It sucks when playing with randoms who wont revive you so, playing with friends is a must.
game-hours: 69.8
review: This game is about Space Ninja Turtles that can bend the rules of ing reality. Better than COD get 360 noscoped . Btw Lotus is a ing  that your dad ed 69 years ago and the in operator Odis or some  is that jock that broke your nose in 4th grade because he likes to joke about you not getting a puppy. Pretty good game, apart from the fact that it's ing terrible k.
game-hours: 27.4
review: ninjas and maymays
game-hours: 1505.9
review: I reccomend it for the novelty of "NINJAS IN SPACE!!" But after a while its grindy mechanics to get up to higher ranks gets boring really fast. They have many options of "Pay2notgrind" such as rushing 12 to 3 day item builds, and straight up buying resources through premium currency and not to mention, if you're thinking of going "Oooh but leveling." STOP.RIGHT.THERE. Getting a warframe and weapons to level 30 provided you do the right mission, can only take up to an hour or shorter with premium bought boosters. Warframes and weapons take slots which, you get 1 warframe slot to start and a few weapon slots and the only way to get more? You guessed it! Pay2win moneys. Not to mention instead of buying weapon blueprints to craft, you can stright up buy the weapon and get an invi slot with it. Pros: It is fun for a while until the grind for everything becomes clear. Cons: Horrid pay to win considering the game is built around PvE. Judgement: Unless you love grindy games that push the "Pay to bypass" in your face, don't get warframe.
game-hours: 229.3
review: One of the best looking free games on the market.
game-hours: 396.5
review: A great online game, love the designe of levels, enemies and weapons. If it just crashes less I would give it a 9. 7/10
game-hours: 3.8
review: this is a cool game w an alien ninja 3rd person shooter w cool puzzles. i highly recommend it! it's free & comes w steam achievements... so why not?! :)
game-hours: 192.4
review: Shot a guy in the head with a bow and arrow, ripped his torso off and nailed it to a wall fifty feet away. 11/10 it's okay - IGN
game-hours: 13.9
review: To be honest i had fun with this game. But imo it lacks more content (that hopefully will get in future updates); at some point the game becomes very repetitive. It was an alright game.
game-hours: 5.6
review: Its like Skyrim with space ninjas 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 409.5
review: grindy, pay2notgrind, piece of  that i can't stop playing
game-hours: 583.3
review: Cool game A little bit like Halo and mass effect together but free and MP! Realy Recommend this game!
game-hours: 145.7
review: If you're looking for a good Free to Play game. Then look give this a try. The game is fun and fast pace, yeah you do the same thing over and over but doesn't mean it's going to be easy like the last. With a tone of Warframes to choose from that may fit you best. This game isn't connected to the Steam Friends List. So you have to find your friends in the game (By asking them what their name is in Warframe). I doubt this helped (or is even a review) but I really do think people should at least give this a go. Also power levels are bull sh*t.
game-hours: 953.8
review: I'VE PLAYED IT A LOT BUT I'M GONNA SAY "IT'S OKAY"! IT'S FUNNY AND HUMOROUS, RIGHT GUYS? RIGHT?!
game-hours: 5.4
review: Sick brah.
game-hours: 719.7
review: Update 14 ruined the game
game-hours: 13.1
review: Best game evar.
game-hours: 154.6
review: Nine/Tenno
game-hours: 50.0
review: Warframe might seem to some a p2w game, but I haven't looked it like that. Sure, you can pay to get faster unlocks, instant warframes, more warframe slots, but I'd say the game makes up for the grinding in the amount of content. There are so many options to choose from, and while it might be boring to some to grind all the way to the best equips, it actually does help you to understand the mechanics of the game and the vast amount of different methods of clearing content. Pros: +Lots of options to choose from, be it weapons or warframes +Customatization: everything is customizable +Many, many, many different game modes +Co-op play with friends +Rather friendly playerbase +Tutorials +combat system Cons: -Time-consuming, it takes a lot of time to get to the best equips available -There are a lot of pve missions, and if you want all the stuff, you gotta clear em first -Some frames and weapons are naturally unbalanced -Confusing at first All in all, I do recommend this game to the fans of the hack-and-slash genre and also to those who prefer Sci-fi environmental fps games with variable difficulty levels.
game-hours: 38.5
review: Recruiting Interglactic Pyrate Ninjas! Sign up, suit up and help me take back the solar system in Warframe! Click this link to sign up for this awesome Free-to-Play game and well both receive cool rewards!
game-hours: 44.8
review: space ninjas pretty much sums it up XD
game-hours: 46.2
review: WHY WARFRAME IS A GOOD GAME -One of the best 3ps games I played -good graphics -f2p (NINJAS PLAY FREE)
game-hours: 5.4
review: If you try to run this game on Windows 8, go to the settings on the launcher and change it from DirectX 11 and make it Windowed
game-hours: 71.0
review: This is the absolute best coop multiplayer third person shooter ever created and it is majestic and beautiful.
game-hours: 4.9
review: is ok
game-hours: 840.7
review: Good game, no pay to win aspects, bit of a grind but gameplay is heaps fun so easy to see past it, easily in the top 3 best free to play games.
game-hours: 1.9
review: Not exactly a co-op game. Game is typically played in teams: yes. But players all charge on ahead solo to try to grab kills. Most of the game is spent chasing down other team members who kill so fast that theres nothing for you to do, or if you get ahead, you kill everything and everyone chases you....
game-hours: 847.3
review: Don't get attached. The game is great. It's amazing. I love it to pieces and then some. The dev's are tight with the community. Things are worked on left and right, up down, sideways, constant update practice weekly for bugfixing and reinforcements (weapons and cosmetics). As of July 2nd, 2014, Perfect World Entertainment has bought outstanding shares from Digital Extremes The clock is ticking. Things are going to be looking very dark from here on out.
game-hours: 1187.5
review: An interesting game only to a certain extent. After leveling up a few frames, it tend to become very repetitive and one tracked. PVP nothing to shout about, more of whoever has the best mods in weapon wins.
game-hours: 148.0
review: I seriously just got a login reward that allowed me to get 50% off their premium currency 6/10 - I actually considered it
game-hours: 11.3
review: I like Cats
game-hours: 5.5
review: Good gameplay,good graphics. Overall is satisfying.
game-hours: 52.0
review: Best Steam games i've ever try. EVER.
game-hours: 33.3
review: This game is very repetitive and boreing. DO NOT INSTALL!
game-hours: 252.9
review: While I used to enjoy this game greatly, the devs continue to make it more and more absurd to try to unlock any of the new content without paying for it. Walls upon walls of RNG combining together to make it dozens of hours for some of the gear, if you ever see it. Prime equipment and the new warframes are particular offenders of this. Downvoting until I see some real dedication to changing their tactics. Less RNG stacking. Let interesting cosmetics make you money from a happy playerbase that feels it's not just hoping for the dice to roll in their favor. There is no progress in RNG. Just luck.
game-hours: 1237.4
review: Yes.
game-hours: 19.3
review: It's good game.
game-hours: 914.2
review: Played for a little bit, its cool.
game-hours: 422.5
review: Really great game :P
game-hours: 575.2
review: Months ago I would have wholeheartedly recommended this game. For about a year this was my favorite game, I would spend all week soloing because my internet is terrible and every weekend at my cousin's playing with friends online. Then after the archwing update the game became unplayable. Long loading screens, inability to join anyone online, and the game now lets your screensaver come on if left alone and when that happens it will crash the game and cause my PC to blackscreen. This state of horrible brokeness only affects a fourth of all players so if youre lucky you might get to experience Warframe in all its glory. Its a great game but its been broken for a large number of its players for months and its inexcusable for the devs to keep adding new content even though they havent managed to fix how broken the content they released before has made their game.
game-hours: 19.5
review: 9/10 its awsome!! Btw i recomend using a controller on this game.
game-hours: 56.7
review: I love this game.. lol
game-hours: 497.4
review: An amazing game, better than any other shooter i've ever played. The game takes DIRECT influence from one of my favorite games, Dark Sector, and while the Developers insist there's no correlation it's hard not to notice the similarities (Eg. Glaive, Tenno, Excalibur and Nyx being blatant copies of the suits Nemesis and Hayden used in Dark Sector, Technocyte Virus... The list continues, admit that this is a sequel and the game'll be better for it.) Warframe gives you the ability to live out your dreams as a super-powered space ninja, even if you weren't exactly planning to be one, you'll be happier just for the experience. Warframe also has tons of replayability and weapons. Every frame has it's own abilites, they aren't just cosmetic; and the number of weapons avaliable to players allows for hundreds of different playstyles. From the aspiring ninja's who use Bows and other Silent weapons, to the living tanks who just want to cleave through hordes with a sword taller than they are. Warframe brings so much to the table, even before true release.
game-hours: 803.5
review: Run, gun, hack, slash. That's what you spend 90% of your time doing. But, whether you choose excalibur, volt, mag, or any other frame available, you'll be having a blast running on wall or sliding around and completely decimating your enemies. The controls are tight, but a little buggy here and there, but it doesn't detract from the entertainment value. The sounds and music are extremely good quality and adapt to the changing environment as the pacing of a given mission changes. Plus, ninjas in space fighting clones, zombies, and people with entirely too much interest in robotics and wearing boxes on their head.
game-hours: 846.4
review: Pretty much RPG TF2 with wayyyyy more loadout combinations(cross class is available lel)! PLAY NOW MUDDA ERS!
game-hours: 1847.3
review: WELCOME TO DIE
game-hours: 1803.7
review: I used to enjoy this game quite a bit, but not so much now. The amount of time you need to put into this game is insane just to get a few parts for a weapon due to the over saturation in certain areas of the game. Practically everything in this game is based off of RNG (random number generator) this includes resources, enemies you'll incounter, mods, all the way to the rewards that'll an alert will have. The amount of time you will spend grinding in this game for items is not worth the reward anymore. If you're looking for a game to waste time with, go for it. Just be ready to put thousands of hours into this game. If you hate games with lots of grind and farming, this is the wrong game.
game-hours: 8.7
review: update servers, took forever to update my game (more than 5 hours and nnot even 1%)
game-hours: 34.5
review: This game is very fun once you start it but it gets more boring after a large amount of play time. Everything comes fairly repetetive. The game has decent graphics and good animations what makes the game looks fairly pretty. But when you look at the other stuff it becomes less interesting I find. The movement is bad. The combat is fairly annoying at times and the missions can become extremely confusing and even more when you get put into a mission with people who rush it. A lot of microtransactions but there is always an option of not spending a coin to them. Its good that it is a Free-to-play game. I would not have played this game if it charged money.
game-hours: 711.1
review: I want to get this out of the way: I do not hate WARFRAME. I hate the lack of realized potential. I could go on and on about why I decided not to recommend the game, but I'll try to keep this short for the sake of convenience. When you first begin your new life of farming and grinding, the game seems incredibly promising, but trust me when I say that the first two or three planets are the most fun you're going to have in your warframe career. The problem stems from a distinct lack of anything to work towards. The closest thing Warframe has to an "end game" is a collection of missions that can be accessed with single-use keys that each have to be farmed individually. You're looking at roughly 10 minutes of gameplay for each key. "Only 10 minutes? That's not too bad!" SCREW YOU, TIM! LET ME FINISH MY ARGUMENT! Each of these keys may or may not get you the item you've been hunting for the past six or seven godamn weeks because the loot tables are utter bullcrap. Nothing quite beats that feeling of completing a lifeless "murder everything in your path" mission after grinding for an hour to get that specific key, hoping to find that final piece you need for the amazing weapon you just HAVE to have only to look at the rewards screen and see that you recieved... wait for it... ...ANOTHER LATRON BARREL!! HOLY CRAP!!! A LATRON BARREL?! AWESOME!!! NOW YOU CAN ADD THAT ONE TO THE POOL OF 73 THAT YOU ALREADY OWN BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT SELLING THEM SO THAT YOU CAN GET ACCURATE STATISTICS TO PROVE A POINT IN A GAME REVIEW THAT YOU'RE LATER GOING TO WRITE TO CONDEMN THE VERY THING YOU'VE JUST DONE!!! 'GRATZ!! In all seriousness, if you're looking for a mindless game to keep yourself entertained with, Warframe isn't bad. But if you want a good third-person shooter with strategic elements and cool abilities, go play Mass-Effect, because you won't find what you're looking for here. The whole game is spent charging off into bases full of generic enemies that make Dynasty Warrior mobs look like freaking Kratos, killing most of them with a quick shot to the groin because that's the only way you've managed to keep yourself entertained for this long. Look at my hours. I'm not some new player who had a bad first experience. I've been playing since update 6. I'm a member of the now-defunct design council. I know what I'm talking about here. So believe me when I make these final few points: 1) The devs don't care about veteran players. If you've been playing for as long as I have, you know that most of the updates to the game are just to add newer shiny stuff in to try to grow the player base. There's no reason for older players to stay at all, aside from the always fun activity of staring at a chat box in mild nostalgia, remembering when you had hopes for this title. 2) The power balance is crap. I'm talking about the actual frame balance, not the train-wreck of a weapon list. There are warframes that are NEVER USED because they really have no place in the game. I can't remember the last time I saw a Banshee or Vauban, but there's never a single mission in which one of the four players isn't a Rhino or a Nova. 3) There has been absolutely zero ingenuity in any of the bosses. Each boss is just a patience test. With the exception of Zanuka, who actually requires a bit of planning, all you do is run around, shooting them until they stop taking damage, wait a few seconds, then repeat. None of them are particularly difficult either. Most can be 2 or 3 shot with end-game weapons. There are quite a few more reasons that I wouldn't recommend the game to anybody I cared about, but those I've already stated are the most glaring. Feel free to ignore this and hate on my assessment if you want. Just give it time. Sooner or later you'll realize that, despite having the potential to be an amazing gaming experience, Warframe has just wasted away into mediocrity. Good luck!
game-hours: 832.4
review: As much as I enjoy the game, I hate the game developer for not putting too much effort in it. I've played for 5-6 months. It could be fun if you have a lot of friends but things keep being repeated everyday. DE get new things everyday but not enough, barely to keep the game fresh. You pass Mastery rank 8 and that's pretty much everything I can own in this game. I can recommend playing this if you want a co-op, fast, fun game but not recommend if you hate doing same stuff everytime. Pros: - Fun, nice action - 4 player co-op - Decent graphics - Space ninjas, bows, kunai... - Definitely not pay to win (you can pay to get some unique stuff) - No major bugs Cons: - Connection is pretty stupid. Sometimes you have to wait for so long (4-5 mins) then "Connection to the host has been lost" appears - "Ninja plays free" but DE recently gave players a lot of beam gun and stuff, not many ninja weapons - Warframe does not scale to late game - Too much farming - Weapons so unbalanced - Little update everytime, Archwing not enjoyable as expected Although I don't recommend the game but it was one of the best F2P I have played. I'd give a 8/10
game-hours: 0.1
review: Is crap at letting you sign up and play and when first attempt to sign in fails will block your IP address...
game-hours: 11.6
review: Positive: +the game is good +the soundtracks are good +The Graphics is AWESOME Negative: -Too Many Updates -it gets a little boring for a while -Pay 2 Play For me i enjoyed the game for a while then always comes the updates and it keeps wasting ur time. u need a lot of money to get awesome items. IF U HAVE A LOT OF TIME AND MONEY STOP READING AND PLAY THIS GAME!!!!
game-hours: 87.9
review: Probably one of the best MOBAs I've played.That's actually not that much because I played metin2, spiral knights and this one...but still one of the best F2P games with TF2 and Dota 2.
game-hours: 68.6
review: boobs
game-hours: 22.1
review: Another great FreeToPlay Game ;-). Note: If you know APB (All Points Bulletin) This has the same gameplay as APB, its just in space (On different planets) where you fight different machines / Creatures. It offers a lot of different ways to play: Support, Medic, Sniper or even Berserker (Different roles / Mods / Weapons) Tons of weapons and cool features, that make the game stand out. - Jannik H.
game-hours: 95.5
review: This game is pretty fun however it gets boring since the maps are reused
game-hours: 986.7
review: Great game,extremely fun the customization and modifications you can do to both your warframe and weapons make it fun to be yourself, the mechanics are really nice for a F2P,no P2W here,unless you want color palletes and other decorative items, this game will keep you entangled for more then 500 hours.
game-hours: 19.9
review: try it
game-hours: 26.1
review: is nice
game-hours: 122.6
review: I Truly Do Love This Game, Extremely Fun, Do Get It. I Have One Simple Problem (A Lot of people will  at me for this) Please, oh Please, Make This Game For Mac/Steam Play. My PC Recently Broke And I Just Cant Stand Not Playing It. Please. Make. It. For. Mac!
game-hours: 3.7
review: its awesome if you want to be super sword wielding laser rifle shooting wall jumping and teleporting ninja with your friends...
game-hours: 2.1
review: the game is always crashing! and geetting stucked all the time so please help because it's freaking me out and this is annoying!
game-hours: 1251.0
review: Have a mercy for your soul.
game-hours: 79.2
review: My first reaction: HOLY  SPACE NINJAS! THIS IS AWESOME! After 40+ hours of playing:  this putrid diarrhea . Difficulty does not scale with number of players. Most missions are extremely difficult alone, by design. Good luck finding people playing the mission you need help with, everyone is busy farming the same few missions over and over again. Good luck progressing through the main quests. 6/10 on a good day, that's the best I can do.
game-hours: 13.1
review: Game is very hard to get into. Very few things are explained to new players, and if they are it is done poorly (see Damage 2.0, mods). It requires extensive reading into wikis and other outside of game sources just to get going. Even being a F2P game, the grinding is ridiculous. I can't recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 201.4
review: Pay to Win game at its core.
game-hours: 146.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 0.6
review: i dont like that you need to verifie the game to play
game-hours: 23.3
review: First of all let me say this game is quite fun at it's core, the movement mechanics are cool and the shooting is spot on. The visuals are good and there are some really nice character designs. The issue I have is that I lost all desire to play when I realised that the monetisation strategy is filth to say the least. Let me explain. Progression in this game requires real money. To attain a new warframe, which is basically a character class with a unique ability set, you need 255 Platinum, their hard currency, which equates to 15 or there abouts, or you can grind the following. 25K credits (free soft currency) for the blueprint. 25K credits to craft the blueprint when you have bought it and have the head, chasis, systems, and an orokin cell. The Orokin Cell can drop from any boss, be given as a log in reward, or drop as a reward from a tier 3 (highest tier) survival mission. 15K credits each to craft the head, chasis and systems. Additional fairly common resources are also required to craft for each component that must drop in game. Each component item takes 12hrs to "build" and the frame takes 72hrs to "build" once you have "built" all of the components. Each component can be "rushed" to completion for 25 Platinum or 1.40, and the frame can be "rushed" for 50 platinum or 2.80. Totalling 125 platinum or roughly 7.00. Around 50% reduction in price for a huge increase in farming time. If you didn't rush you would be waiting a minimum of 84 hrs to "build" one frame, of which there are 22. It would cost roughly 300 to buy all the frames. Apply this logic to any item type in the game. Get your grinding boots on, give them a lot of money, or play something else. I uninstalled the game and will never play it again. Not recommended, the game is clearly balanced around extorting players, not balanced around playing and progressing at a reasonable pace.
game-hours: 422.9
review: best game
game-hours: 11.8
review: your basically an alien assassin that gets missions and does them. FOR FFFFFFFFFFFFFRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
game-hours: 412.8
review: You can Grind on me anytime.
game-hours: 644.4
review: WHOALEY CRAP THIS IS GOOD.
game-hours: 14.9
review: Very awesome game if you can afford it. 300 us dollars Is about what youll need to really be satisfied with it for a short period of time. If you got the money get it its fun. Youll also need a ton of time to set it up before you even get to play. You can never sell it or even give items away . Once you get it its yours forever.
game-hours: 11.2
review: This game is an equivalent an equivalent equivalent an equivalent equivalent an equivalent equivalent an equivalent equivalent an equivalent equivalent an equivalent equivalent an equivalent equivalent an equivalent of a decent game
game-hours: 286.4
review: ing nice! :D
game-hours: 1133.8
review: This game... this is my new and truly favourite game above Team Fortress 2, above Battlefield 3 (not Call of Duty, screw CoD) and above all else. Warframe perfects everything - from the advanced, tactical and utterly awe-inspiring combat to the modification, leveling and hub systems to the futuristic soldier-samurai-ninja guardian of the solar system that you become. I have only two problems with the game. The parkour; for the most part, it's incredibly badass as you vault over railings and wallrun across chasms before slicing your way through an entire army of Corpus soldiers, but sometimes it's annoying (for example, one of the Grineer maps) when you have to do something that takes about six tries to complete. Fortunately, they fixed the specific issue I mentioned by adding a slightly more hidden and far easier passage. Secondly, the crafting system - I've played this game for, what, 10 hours or so and I've improved my current gear to no end, but it's rather difficult to craft new weaponry for yourself considering the majority of the things I particularly wanted (and hopefully aren't even that OP) were on planets about a lightyear or so away. At least it allows you to mod your weapons or warframe so they become pretty damn good even without that new weapon or frame you want. All in all, I'd say this is a masterpiece for people who enjoy Crysis, Halo, being a Power Ranger, ninjas and others running round the solar system bisecting people shooting at you with a futuristic katana before your teammates massacre the remaining opposing forces. Masterpiece.
game-hours: 404.3
review: A game that gets fun once you put in the time sync. This game works around taking time to craft items and getting drops from enemies to craft those items. The game can start out slow for some but I enjoyed it the whole way and once you get to the lategame segments of you maxing out your weapons to the fullest and having your favorite warframe equipped is well worth the time sync and is worth money to put into if you like the game enough.
game-hours: 1613.3
review: Ignore the fact that I play this a lot. This game is  and it's devs are some of the most unprofessional people I've ever seen in the gaming idustry. It has potential, but unless it ever meets that fully you will be better off just not playing this game.
game-hours: 17.5
review: Dis gayme contains meny greephecz and allowz u 2 play with ur freends and go bewn with guns 5/1 whut a steel!
game-hours: 161.3
review: EVERYTHING REQUIRES REAL MONEY! there are SOOOO few items that you can get with in game money that there is no point in playing, if you want to get anything you have to pay 20$... and thats just for ONE item..
game-hours: 300.0
review: Anti-Cheat. Flagged me for having Cheat Engine running in background (Not Using)
game-hours: 182.3
review: GRIND FOR LIFE, GRIND IS GOOD, GRIND IS LOVE YOU WILL NEVER GET OFF MR, DE'S WILD RIDE
game-hours: 38.0
review: The game was fun at first, but after playing for hours, I've noticed that the enemies feel very repetitive. The enemies are doing the same thing, saying the same thing, and dying the same way. Also, there are very limited characters and weapons. You can only level be leveling the equipment. And I got stuck on a level because when I couldn't afford to buy anything more, and maxed the levels in everything.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Talhe hra m 1 velk problm, ten problm je ale hra samotn :(
game-hours: 37.2
review: I'm not real fond of this game, It's not becouse it's a first person shooter (FPS), and i'm not particularly good at FPS but rather the pricing model behind it. It's a free to play (F2P), and obviously they want to you put money into the game. Which is fine, I play a few F2P, but it's when the game basicly forces you to put money into it in order to progress, that's where I start to have a problem. At that point, you might as well drop the F2P model and just say it's going to cost you $20 to play. How does it force you? It's all about the progression. The equipmnet on your starting warframe is bad, You'd think that is normal, but it's Exponentially lower then any piece of equipment you can make or buy, To buy it will require more credits then you can make unless you grind for 8 hours everyday for a week. It is poosible to not do this solo, but to group up, but the match making system is rather wacked, and your constatnely put into group where your dreadfully underpowered, and in many cases even slower then the whole rest of the group. So while your group mates are charging ahead gatheing up all the credit that yoru out of range to recieve your hoping to keep up enough just to avoid the consistent respawns. So that at the end of the group mission you have some credits, no xp, and probalby missed out on alot of drops cause your busy trying to keep up. On the flip side, attemping to do this solo, your run in to missions you just can't compleat due to the number of respawns in compiarson to the ammount of damage you can produce (remember the basic weapons are underpowered). Seriously there are are a number of F2P games out there, that allow you to actually progress without grinding for weeks just to break past the power level of even the lowest of areas, This is definitly not one of them.
game-hours: 13.8
review: The gamestyle and scenery is amazing in this game, the concept is amazing, the tenos and even the grenier concept is just awe-enspiring. But there is one thing that seriously hinders the game and thats the gameplay itself. The ranking is confusing, when you go to melee someone you lunge rediculosly forward with a hard to pinpoint autolock meaning if you miss you're flailing your arms about until you actually see the enemy then you have a chance of hitting them. Stealth in this game is horrable, your guns make a loud noise and you'll have more fun sneaking around the enemies than waiting for them to be vulnerable. To get an item that would be stealthy takes a lot of time to get and by then you're already at the first boss moving on to the second boss. Sprinting and crouching don't mix in this game at all. If you feel that holding to sprint would be nice guess what you have the option but if you chose press to sprint you're flailing about at rediculose speeds, reducing accuracy and precission immensly. The camera shakes around and your character looks around super quickly even with the mouse speed at 25%. Assassinating enemies is not something like you'd find in halo reach or halo 4; the enemies in warframe need to be in a state where they aren't suspecting anything at all and even if you get to their precouse backside while they expect you you cant activate the assassination sequence OR the assassination hitbox is the width of a hair making it relitively impossible to do. While it is a free to play game you can expect long grinding seasons and if you're a lone wolf this can be extremely daunting as the bosses and missions will get repetative over time before you can even reach earth. I'm disapointed greatly that this game had everything I expected but the controls setup along with the new HUD makes it much more harder to pinpoint what the heck you're doing and there for not an enjoyable experiance at all.
game-hours: 2.7
review: its "fun" but gets boring really fast, in this game u can run around with some ppl, shoot and melee enemies. thats about it. it not difficult at all and offers almost no cooperation i felt like the coop mode was more like a race to the finnish. i can tell alot of work was put into the game and it runs smoothly, it really looks like a nice game but after u play a couple levels ull find thats its kinda like the same thing over and over again. i really dont mean to downvote it, its not really a BAD game, i only down voted it because i personally dont enjoy it, its kinda good for a free game, its got alot of customization and main menu stuff but the actual gameplay dispite the graphics can be found in like a internet browser arcade game
game-hours: 0.1
review: Poor controls, HUD doesn't scale to higher resolutions, and incredibly glitchy mouse movement. I don't know if it's mouse acceleration, but it pretty much made me lose all interest to bother playing in just the tutorial.
game-hours: 0.5
review: It took me all morning to download this only to be met by the little firewall notification thing. I was really looking forward to it to but now I can't play fix this.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Do not expect to get anywhere in this game without paying money or putting in way to much time.
game-hours: 134.4
review: OMG THIS IS SO BOOOOOORRIIIIING
game-hours: 165.1
review: Probably one of the wosrt designed games I've ever seen. Much of the gameplay revolves around grinding and farm, which is fine. However, getting new gear, and upgrading to better weapons and items with out having somebody help you skip the normal progression. That "progression" is a very stunted experience. The game honestly expects you to go through probably over a hundred hours of gameplay with your base frame and limited weapon selection of credit purchasable guns. There's some decent frames and gear blueprints early on, but some of the components only drop in areas you won't be seeing for a long time, or drop from bosses. Either case results in a lot of painful, dull grind that just isn't fun. I was lucky to have a friend help me skip this problem, so I got access to a lot of farm I would otherwise not have access too. Now, gaining access to areas to farm for better gear..sounds easy right? Just do missions and progress nav points. Except some of the nav points that aren't option to continue progression actually require multiple players, and are often semi-difficult missions. Me, with my twinked gear could do these missions, but virtually every attempt would fail due to allies who are using awful weapons and frame. OR, getting allies worlds above my level and failing my own role in the level due to being so underleveled. I don't mind that such a mode exists, but making it a mandatory part of normal progression is just stupid. On top of all that, upgrading your rank (which determines what you're allowed to even attempt building) has a test, and pass or fail, there is a 24 hour cool down on doing another test. So there is actually a hard locked limit on how fast you can progress. Some of the tests are also very specifically geared towards certain frames, meaning failure in some of these tests is relatively easy if you're using one of the mostly awful base frames. The game by design just encourages blind farming, and goes out of its way to ruin what little fun can be found by having overall bad design choices. On top of all that, this inhuman farm just results in frames so outrageously overpowered it actually removes all skill aspects to the game. Who wants to farm for almost a thousand hours just to play the game by mashing an AOE attack button that kills 2-3 rooms of enemies? awful game, I was very shocked at just HOW bad this game actually is.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Far too unpolished and ugly to bother with at the moment.
game-hours: 15.2
review: Sleek Coding
game-hours: 2.8
review: Mediocre game.
game-hours: 32.3
review: Too much grinding. Reminds me of why I quit in January. Epic items are usually pay to get or requires huge amounts of ingame currency. Multiplayer is fun though missions can get repititve and sometimes annoying.
game-hours: 10.1
review: grinding simulator 2019
game-hours: 8.7
review: garbage game, $40 for a starter pack? Lol what. Gindfest and you walk through half a level with no enemies and when they do show up they instantly die anyway.
game-hours: 28.6
review: Nice game, nice graphics. "Free to play" sure.
game-hours: 42.9
review: It started out rather excellent, beautifully designed and fast paced; full of interesting action. Very quickly this degraded to utter repetition and hours of grinding for gear that would become useless once something better came out. Don't get me wrong, it can be fun, but it's not as engaging as it could have been.
game-hours: 74.1
review: I didn't play it that long, just a couple hours. When i first started playing this game, it was really fun, but once i progressed further into the game, it become ridiculously repetitive. I felt like i was playing the same map every time.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Well.. This game was fun in the start, but then it just starts getting boring. You cannot play more than 4 hours of this without realizing that you can find alot better free2play games than this. 4/10
game-hours: 0.7
review: i think this game is a little bit boring, but theres so many other games i can play
game-hours: 2.4
review: I used to love this game. i've been playing since it was first released and it was amazing. but the 1.8 beta patch changed too much. and screwed over the older players. our amazing gear and suits lost that awesomeness and the game became pay-to-win. all in all it is a good game but not something i would recommend
game-hours: 662.3
review: Well... if you don't mind DE randomly banning your accts simply because you mention in the forums that they cant seem to release a patch thats worth a damn. And you dont mind your game being constantly broken crashing and or bearably unbalanced every other week ya sure its great.
game-hours: 0.6
review: really why do we have to get a ing verification email.i mean just...why
game-hours: 617.8
review: Every update make the game worse. and now you can buy everything in the game for cash. so there is no progression, you can buy anything you need form other players. and it's not even PvP, so the progression was all the gameplay.. and now it's gone.
game-hours: 14.1
review: I decided to put off playing this game to stare at a much more interesting beige wall.
game-hours: 43.7
review: its like having cancer
game-hours: 9.2
review: Awesome gameplay, but these guys are really greedy! inless you feel like grinding the same maps for like 40hrs to get tot he next place, youre not gonna be getting a new weapon or suit unless you pay atleast $20. Also, no one plays this game from what i can see. i was waiting in a room for like 20min waiting for someone to come around, but no one came. the levels are designed for atleast one other person, else all what happens is that you run outta ammo (since the starter stuff is so scrub that it takes 1/10 of your ammo to put one guy down). dont even try to download this guys, all they'll do is nickel and dime you untill you figure out that the free running os gitchy and unrefined.
game-hours: 4.2
review: I hate to say this, but Warframe just isn't fun to play. I liked the concept at first, and put a couple of hours into it, but it's just... droll. The gameplay is repetitive, and the downtime between combat is mind numbingly boring. I do like the exploration available within levels, but the lackluster combat is a huge turn off. It's not exactly p2w, since you aren't competing against other people, but the best weapons and Warframes can be purchased for real money, and in some cases this is the only way to get those items. If the gameplay gets any better in the future, I may reconsider, but for now, Warframe doesn't get a recommendation from me.
game-hours: 13.2
review: this game is a hit and miss for me I really like space themed games with thrown in sy-fy like the next person but.............. This games problems lay in the fact your team mates will teleport due to latency issues The maps are kinda too big the maps i have take me 2-3 hours just to complete them repetition most of this game is just centered around the same enimies
game-hours: 237.0
review: The game has been steadily going downhill for months now.
game-hours: 1341.9
review: So much potential for a good game right here and almost palpable, but wasted by bad dev choices. This game has turned in to a cashgrab. Artificial periodical nerfs to push new market weapons into players. Complete disregard of player effort to build up top tier items when new fotm stuff is introduced. It is a fun game up to a point, but when you start to really get into it, its like opening a huge can of worms.
game-hours: 912.9
review: Other than the developer incompetence, the endless grind, the lack of end-game content [or really, any fun content], and the power creep that makes Magic: The Gathering blush and get a little moist, there's not much to talk about in this game. Sure, it looks pretty, the art design is one of the few things they got right, especially if you like weapons copied from each other, or just given a couple gold plates and considered a whole new weapon. A year ago I put a hundred dollars into Warframe, hoping that it would grow up and be a good game. Instead, every time I joke about the worst move they could make they up the ante even further. If you have a couple friends, and you want to shoot dudes for a bit? Sure, go ahead. If you want to invest time and money, there are a million other shooters out there, often ones that don't hide behind 'it's a beta' while heavily monetizing every single aspect of the game.
game-hours: 21.2
review: If you aren't willing to dump youur entire wallet into this game I would recommend not buying this game. I'm not saying it is impossible to buy things with in game money but it iis difficult and the gameplay is entirely not laid out well. I had a fun first couple of days with it but became very monotonous with each level and I became very irritated slowly realizing that this was a pay to win game.
game-hours: 61.9
review: My opinion: For people seeing this game grow from start: got to confusing For people geting in new: to confusing to beat high level It is called Demage-System 2.0... And it has ruined this game for me. Every Enemy-Type has its own weaknesses and resistances. So far so good. But you can not say: Greneer in general is most of the time weak against "this", infestet is weak against "that". Noo, near every single enemy ( 2 or 3 are one group ) are weak against this and that, but this one out of that group is resistant gainst what all others from this group are weak against. WTF? Why did you rip the ease of this game out and pour in pure tactics not beat able by the style of the game? But! not enouth. About 6 months ago, in this game ( where it was a third person shooter and a hack and slash mix ) you could raid a level 32 planet solo. It was tricky but possible. The difficulty of the enemy has been multiplyed by ~2.0-3.2. A player with a tenno on level 30 you can fight enemies at level 25 if you are insane. As i started playing again i thouht: Dont push to had, start with a level 25 planet as i could defeat these with ease befor. I had no chance and died all 4 times possible per day in this very first mission. After not playing Warframe for about 6 months because of a false ban by using Nvidia's 3DTV Play (that was right after they activated the AC... i never got an apology), i try it again. With about 60 houres of playtime, i was quite used to its nice and easy style of combat. Now, after playing 12 missions i'm close to stop playing again. I can not tell for every one. But as starting a new is not possible in this game, it is unbeatable hard. I will try a little longer and change my mind if there is just a smal thing blocking me from having fun again. If not, reconsider playing a game changing so much to the worse ;(
game-hours: 117.7
review: Just play Harvest Moon. At least you have more progression with that kind of farming.
game-hours: 264.4
review: The game is shallow. There is NOTHING more than grind to this game besides a nice production value. The new player experience is horrendous due to new players being unable to obtain the items required to progress in the game.Warframe is exclusively stats over skill, and it shows everywhere in the game. Enemies are nothing more than dumb bullet sponges that grow even more bloated as you progress through the game. Warframes reliance on cheap RNG to extend it's shallow depth is abhorrent, and fills nearly every part of the game. While RNG in a game is understandable, at times, Warframes over reliance sends it on a nose dive into inevitable mediocrity. The best example of this abused RNG is the Hydroid Warframe. Normally to get a new Warframe you are required to beat a boss several times until you get their parts. While this is somewhat reasonable, Warframe's poster child of update 13 requires you to first: Hunt down specific enemies that rarely spawn on a specific planet. These enemies have a random elemental weakness that you cannot predict, and are very resistant to all other damage types. Defeating these enemies causes them to drop a beacon, one of five types that take different amounts. These beacons are than crafted into a one time use key that allows you to fight a boss ONCE. Once you have beaten the boss you than get a random part of the frame, but the game never takes into account the parts you already have leaving you often with a part you already have.Beyond this you are now stuck farming for about one to two hours. Before another hour of building the key. Finally getting to fight a fifteen minute battle that leaves you likely with a part you already have. With the introduction of "tier 4" keys RNG has become even worse. Upon it's release (along with a new "prime Warframe" ) the drop tables for the tier 4 missions were heavily bloated with up to twenty items being duplicated. All to dilute the drop tables and ensure player take longer to get the items they want. Warframe lacks any compensation for player skill. Enemies often have instant knockdown attacks with little to no telegraphing. Energy leach enemies that instantly remove all of your ability energy without any warning or effect they have. Rare enemies with rare drops that only seem to appear when a certain faction has taken over one specific level ( certain crawlers for those who are familiar ). Player progression through the game is merely tracked by how much the p0layer has used weapons, and often this "mastery rank" is completely irrelevant to play. New players being taxied to end game levels to get items they cannot progress through the game without (orokin cells for that Seer is a nice example ). In closing, welcome to WarFarm: Grinding simulator 2014.
game-hours: 5.2
review: i played his game for about five hours and i swear i done the same mission over and over again. when you first start it doesnt even give you a tutorial on how to make your characters or how to use mods effectively or anything. nobody works together. in my opinion okay game but way too repetitive
game-hours: 0.7
review: To be honest, there are like few good free to play games and this one is not it. Pay to win, or get some in game stuff.... Also Boring as hell. All you do is just run around in very dark rooms and shoot.
game-hours: 742.2
review: My friends said that i would be playing this "Space Ninja-ish" game, he said that they were naked but when i play they have this armor on... i am still yet to find out how to remove this, maybe we can get a Naked mod like in Skyrim, pls DE hurry up and fix this so i can thumbs up :D p.s. the female characters have big butts... this is no lie
game-hours: 26.6
review: same thing every level. did not like
game-hours: 51.7
review: I'm bored, don't want to type, list time PROS: +Good Graphics/Sound +No Paywalls +Fluid combat and movement +Cool Weapons and Sci-Fi aspect CONS: -No good original gameplay after the first two missions -Requires to much money for such  items -The community is brain dead, they'll claim to be 2pro4u yet be the first ones down -No teamwork, just a race to get the most items from dead bodies, you'll find yourself doing all the work while your teammates make double then you because they focus on all the loot -Little to no difficulty, enemies are just stat boosted reskins of the first enemies you encounter All in All 5-6/10 In. My. Opinion.
game-hours: 102.2
review: Slide on the floor and use super powers to fight the same three types of enemies across a solar system of narrow hallways and bright colors. Warframe is a mix of most every sci-fi shooter game from the past decade and did prove amusing in parties with friends; however the amusement was short lived. Limited levels and enemy types accompanied by lengthy grinding caused me to burn out rather fast on the title. There are also pay to win weapons, thankfully the game is cooperative; however this will not stop public players from joining a game and stealing all the drops. NOTE: I did spend 55hours with this game, and I'm told the developers plan to release many more things including an open world play mode.
game-hours: 248.3
review: The game was great but i cannot backup to play with my friends and my father also want play for a few seconds..Please fix up the backup
game-hours: 34.8
review: dont get me wrong here this game is fun but it is the most annoying game i ever played. for starters the game developers use most of the game levels almost every time including dialogue. its the most annoying repetitive nonsence i've ever listened to in a game for the past year also i'd like to point out the combat. for starter's sword combat blows so hard because when ever you tried to attack head on the enemy is like "yeah right like that sword is going to hit me i'm gonna slap it out of yo hand" COMPLETE BS. I'd give this game 5\10 not great not horrenous.
game-hours: 752.3
review: well..warframe is all grinding..the devs arent the greatest, its super repetitive, the "mini games" are impossible, the community is bad, and they always have some new warframe or wepons right after you wasted your time making the older ones, and its pay to win-for instance, you cant just make weapons or warframes, you have to wait 12 hours to 3 days for things or pay to complete it faster, and they are making thing harder and harder to get so you will give up your cash, and there are some things you cant even get without paying money, like some exclusive stuff or special armor and before you just gathered a few recources to make the weapons, but now its like you gotta make these dual pistols to make these dual pistols, and to make dual pistols to make the new dual pistols you need a pistol to make 1 of the pistols and you need 2 of those pistols to make the dual pistols to make the new dual pistols! Its ridiculous! that was confusing wasnt it..well, id give the game a 4/10 at the most...
game-hours: 357.6
review: -shudders- grindy, so grindy! the grind is so bad, it killed my inner child. i cut this out of my life like a malignant tumor. only way for me to get back into the game is to pay me.
game-hours: 84.9
review: Before I go anywhere, this is a Pay-To-Win game. I have spent no real currency on the game, and am judging my review on my first few days of play. I actually haven't gotten past Venus, and haven't enjoyed much community interaction. This is, as I would describe it, a Third Person Melee-Shooter. Too often you will find that slashing the  out of your opponents is more fun than shooting them from a distance. Your starter weapons are trash, but they don't feel like it at first. This game makes you feel as if you can solo everything until you get half way through the first planet then you start asking for help. But none-the-less, it is still Pay-To-Win. Pay for good weapons, pay for faster weapons, pay for more weapons, pay for this and that. Out of 10, I rate this game a 3. It's fun for a bit, but the "Pay-To-Win" part of it looms over you like a sin. "Hey, having fun down there? Guess what? Up here is where the cool kids hang out, with their everything unlocked "
game-hours: 276.4
review: To start off, If you aren't looking to chop of the alien balls of your interstellar foes then you are in the wrong place. Gameplay: You can kill just about anything anyway you'd like. The possiblilities are endless and completely up to your decisionmaking skills. I cannot explain the endless hours of farming for Corpus heads that I have taken, beheaded using something called the "Dakra Prime". That  already sounds like you'd become a stripper to afford. Second of all, I've thrown multiple days at this game to really get that weapon of your dreams. Doge: You get a doge a space doge doge/10 420/69 or if you are not a doge fanboy then they give you a little companion cube that floats next to you and shoots bullets that eventually will crush the foes at lvl 1 back in the day. Why you should give sell your soul to the DEs of Warframe? This is the question I always get asked and I must enlighten those out there who think this F2P game trend makes the games bad. Give this game its deserved 100 hours that may feel forever because the start is the hardest. It is very limited for beginners and makes it a jagged road to walk on, but trust me. I dragged my balls across a billion light years of broken glass called T4 to get my first loki prime piece and oh baby the feels were real. As the warframe's version of Cortana announces that I'm officially a pimp and I should probably go and get me mum and me camera. This is worth your time and once you launch off your first good amount of well earned hours that need all your blood sweat and tears. You will be so ing addicted and the high will be worth the pain. Sell your soul.
game-hours: 5.6
review: no i dont recommend this game it is poop
game-hours: 11.5
review: Put it this way, i can see where the free is coming from, you go through the same corridor about a thousand times, see the same enemies a tonne of times, then progress to the next level, this is where the fun starts. Get this, you get to see not one but TWO.... extra colours added to the LED space steroid walls. Then you get to go onto the next FREE level but just ignore the little creature thats started to set up a farm in your wallet, then you play through the mission that seems strangely similar to the last, but its okay, just imagine that its not, DO IT, NOW. Okay, now you may begin to see the little wallet farm set up a trade route to the warframe bank vault, its okay, the farms name 'your gonna cave in eventually' isn't anything to do with the games store. Now you'll start the next mission, trust me its really fun and totally not a copy and paste of the previous, here you'll be introduced to the store where it'll show of all the cool stuff you can buy, but rejoice, the games free, and you don't have to get any of it. Here's the point where you'll see the wallet farms stock prices rocket and them change their name to 'we knew you'd cave in tm'. You'll blast through a door into the next mission, women hung on your huge arms, guns hanging from all the cracks in your armor and a tonne of new colours that you've bought from 'knew you'd cave tm'. Then as you sit back and happily gaze at your screen in awe at how much money you can spen... cough, hack, i mean how shiny and how similar to a teletubbies cast gathering your colours on your armor look, you can see another guy come in, steal your pride, pee on it, burn it and then sell it to someone at 'we screwed you good tm'. It's okay though, you've lost all sense to play warframe but you've still got your freinds at the wallet farm.. nevermind, they dumped you for the new guy over their who's still got rich reserve's of cash.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Fun game, hard to navigate now though. Rating: 8/10
game-hours: 22.7
review: its okay, but its not groundbreaking. some weapons require platinum, and you pretty much dont get any without buying some. also, the level design is repeated and makes you feel like you are playing the same thing over and over.
game-hours: 5.3
review: I cant play beceause of a internet conection problem that i cant fix.
game-hours: 177.6
review: It gets fun at first until you realize it is the same thing over and over and over and over again. Different planet? same mission but theres snow! the only variety is the bossess and the warframes themselves. If you are someone who plays desinty and like endless grinding and repeating the same thing then this is the game for you but repeats and grinding isnt my thing
game-hours: 35.6
review: Good game, but mostly pay to win.
game-hours: 1.2
review: So so so bad!!! Spend 5 on the game and you're top of match, So much skill......
game-hours: 26.3
review: Fun game, hard to navigate now though. Rating: 8/10
game-hours: 22.7
review: its okay, but its not groundbreaking. some weapons require platinum, and you pretty much dont get any without buying some. also, the level design is repeated and makes you feel like you are playing the same thing over and over.
game-hours: 177.6
review: It gets fun at first until you realize it is the same thing over and over and over and over again. Different planet? same mission but theres snow! the only variety is the bossess and the warframes themselves. If you are someone who plays desinty and like endless grinding and repeating the same thing then this is the game for you but repeats and grinding isnt my thing
game-hours: 1180.4
review: I honestly expected this game to go another way and the developers to realise that not everything should be RNG and a  of modifications. Just the fact that the damage modifications on the weapons are the top priority already takes the whole fun down. I want to power my bullets with fire, but I can't do that when I have to use almost half of my mod capacity (on my MAXED gun) to put a damage mod, for it to actually do something to the high level enemies. Every update is killing the "kill that boss for a piece of that warframe" vibe. Now it's a "farm that key for days, so you can kill that boss and MAYBE drop something that you actually need". Seriously, I'm glad I got the stuff I really wanted, because it's a ing pain to farm that much. Don't get me wrong, grinding is fun in this game, but not when I have to do it all the ing time, so I can pray for RNG, instead of having my hours of grinding properly rewarded. Guns are unbalanced because of the damage mods. Even with the top defense warframe, you get one hit because of the damage mods, which, as I meant previously, are vital in this game. Yeah, wanna put a reload mod? Tough luck. Damage first. I wouldn't be complaining about the hit kill if it was actually a skilled attack or some lucky critical hit. But no, you just need to snipe a guy's body with a bow or slide attack him with a katana, which is pretty much done by pressing two buttons in sequence while running. In general, the game is awesome. But the RNGfest drove me away. I miss the closed beta a big ing lot. Before you open your mouth to tell me about how I don't know about this game, please take your time to look at my hours in it and tell me wether I am very able to know my way around a game with that much time or not.
game-hours: 35.6
review: Good game, but mostly pay to win.
game-hours: 0.2
review: bad
game-hours: 583.3
review: Cool game A little bit like Halo and mass effect together but free and MP! Realy Recommend this game!
game-hours: 409.5
review: grindy, pay2notgrind, piece of  that i can't stop playing
game-hours: 145.7
review: If you're looking for a good Free to Play game. Then look give this a try. The game is fun and fast pace, yeah you do the same thing over and over but doesn't mean it's going to be easy like the last. With a tone of Warframes to choose from that may fit you best. This game isn't connected to the Steam Friends List. So you have to find your friends in the game (By asking them what their name is in Warframe). I doubt this helped (or is even a review) but I really do think people should at least give this a go. Also power levels are bull sh*t.
game-hours: 8.0
review: sure
game-hours: 680.0
review: very asem engin dewelopment and a fun game to play moltitplare
game-hours: 1.9
review: awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww yea BOYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
game-hours: 198.9
review: Framewar
game-hours: 825.8
review: So now that I know a bit more, I'll go more in-depth. Gameplay is varied enough, with abilities, melee, and stealth if you can keep your party in control. Grind appears very short compared to other games I have played. While crafting does have those stupid wait timers, it is compensated by the few materials needed to craft items. I haven't yet delved into the part of the game which relies on random drops from mission rewards, though. There are many weapons, most of which are pretty unique and interesting. Augmenting weapons with mods is not tedious. Movement system is okay. You can navigate very well in theory, but a bad connection will make it clunky. Enemies within the same faction are somewhat bland, but across factions there is enough variety. Tons of customization; almost every color of every piece of equipment you have can be changed, but you are limited to a very small palette of slightly bland colors unless you play $5 or wait for a free event-themed palette to come out. Graphics are great but framerate is heavily influenced by your connection to the host. Extreme amounts of mouse acceleration take a bit to get used to, but it's not that bad after the first hour. Overall a positive experience. I will be playing this for months to come.
game-hours: 145.3
review: One of the BEST Thirdperson MMO game i ever played. Deffintly something you should look into :)
game-hours: 10.1
review: I sucks because it is a ripoff of CoD 10/10
game-hours: 476.8
review: Space Motheren Ninjas!
game-hours: 8.9
review: is epic
game-hours: 2.3
review: sadas
game-hours: 3.2
review: One of the best MMOTPS game ever, in my opinion.
game-hours: 51.7
review: Mate, what a gem of a game. For free, this is well worth it. Its not a  piece of Freemium software either, this is a properly F2P game. So, here's the breakdown...
game-hours: 11.4
review: Hey. It was good
game-hours: 17.1
review: i do recommend this but there is a bug taht bans u for no reason but it happens rarely so dw this game is totally awesoem and the addition of the kubrow makes it much more fun
game-hours: 102.7
review: Fun game, at times, farming is rough but other than that it's pretty awesome.
game-hours: 1317.8
review: Hell yes.
game-hours: 743.6
review: Finally, a grinding game that's actually fun. Oh, and the devs are awesome too.
game-hours: 66.5
review: Great game loved it
game-hours: 9.4
review: Don't read those long reviews, all you need to know is your a cyborg ninja in space. Its free, don't question it just play it.
game-hours: 1461.1
review: A very fun free 3rd person sci-fi action shooter. It tends to be fast paced due to the parkour styled movement system. Similar to Mass Effect 3's co-op multiplayer. The difference is mainly in the diverse unique weapons, many warframes (classes) you can choose from, and the fast paced parkour movement in the game. Now the different warframe's range from classes which offer a variety style of play, whether it be pure damage, defense, stealth, tanking, healing, crowd control or utility. We have warframes that harness : Electricity, fire, wind, water, ice, magnetic's, anti-matter, illusion's, poison, sound waves, the undead, chaos, rage based melee fury, blades like true ninja's. There is so much to choose from and have fun with! As far as weapons go, this game has some amazing weapons. There are hundred of weapons to choose from; you can have equipped a Primary Weapon, Secondary Weapon and a Melee Weapon. You can also unequip primary and secondary weapons and run around in a melee spree, deflecting bullets at the same time with your blade. Weapons Range From: Weapons that shoot Ssw blades, multi-shot missile launchers, weapons that impale enemies to walls, bows that are capable of killing multiple enemies with a single arrow, infested rifles that fire electricity, toxin launchers, kitana's, toxic axe's that eat through armor, greatswords, laser rifles and machine guns. It is one of my favorite games, with that said however it can be grindy, and a bit hard to pick up for new players. With Update 14 coming out it is a bit easier for new players now. There is a Prologue to help players through the different controls to this game, while completing a quest to help ease them into the game while acquiring some beginning mods easily to help increase the damage, survivability and many other things of weapons and your warframes. The player community and developers are very friendly and release weekly new content along with patches and hot fixes for bugs regularly. They are pretty on top of things, and keep in mind this game is in the open beta stage which allows the developers to release new content constantly expanding and improving the game. Allowing the playerbase to evolve with the game itself. I would recommend seriously trying this game for a good 15-20 hours. It is alot of fun and there is not game that is truly like it, it is unique. And most importantly, PLAY WITH A FRIEND/FRIENDS. It makes it that much more enjoyable. Enjoy!
game-hours: 888.3
review: Ignore what people say about microtransactions. I have been playing for over 300 hours and have some of the best gear in the game. I have only spent about $10 and that was on cosmetics. Anyone should get this game, they wont regret it. :)
game-hours: 321.4
review: swag in a bag
game-hours: 320.3
review: This honestly is a very well made game, at least I think so. It mixes RPG/looting elements commonly found in hack nslash games with a 3rd person shooter game like gears of war for example. The problem is, the lack of variety. Throughout the entime game you'll be leveling up your gear, grinding for hard to find mods and resources, all to fight the same basic variety of enemies. They have just 3 factions of enemies in the entire game from start to finish. Epic bosses? They finally added one with the Orokin Derelict Missions, but other than that, they are all non meaningful and easily forgotten. I played this game for a while until I realized "What's the point?" What's the point of grinding to find better gear to constantly fight the same enemies on the same levels in a world that never changes at all...
game-hours: 453.4
review: Probably one of my most favorite games ever.
game-hours: 115.7
review: Very repetitive and slow, it feels like an iPhone game with all the waiting to do with crafting. A pay to win game, as getting credits and new Warframes takes a tremendous amount of time and grinding.
game-hours: 0.0
review: 21:10 - z.x.t.: how's this game? 21:10 - z.x.t.: like blacklight ? 21:11 - Supa : no 21:11 - Supa : its like 21:11 - Supa : coop 21:11 - Supa : 3rd person 21:11 - Supa : raids 21:11 - Supa : 4 player 21:11 - Supa : collect items 21:11 - z.x.t.: ewwww, sounds like new game defiance 21:11 - Supa : lvl char 21:11 - Supa : weps 21:11 - Supa : modify char 21:11 - Supa : weps 21:11 - Supa : thats about it 21:11 - z.x.t.: and what about microtransaction model? 21:11 - Supa : not really paytowin 21:11 - Supa : you can crafta nything anyway 21:12 - z.x.t.: well, sounds interesting enough to grip me 21:12 - z.x.t.: maybe i try it later 21:12 - z.x.t.: hell, maybe we can even play together :D 21:12 - Supa : :D:D:D:D:D 21:12 - Supa : no. 21:12 - z.x.t.: ;_;
game-hours: 155.6
review: Great game and very addicting but they have to stop making it pay to win just get money for making stuff that doesn't disturb me
game-hours: 88.0
review: The new update for this game is amazing.. Been playing since closed beta - and it looks like they finally hired a UI designer and gave some real decent thought to UX. The new player experience has also been an enjoyable introduction to the game.. each major update they have made it easier to get into for new people, but they've excelled themselves with update 14 - it now 'feels' like a complete game at this point. The game has evolved in leaps and bounds over the last couple of years and it is really worth a shot if you're even a little unsure about it.. Plays great on either keyboard (though I had to change the keymaps a little to be completely comfortable) or gamepad.. UI used to be a real  for gamepad play though, so you'd have to use the mouse and then jump back to the controller when you loaded into a mission.. no longer necessary. 'Free to play' elements don't seem to be too painful, you can get a lot out of the game without putting any money in, and if you do enjoy the time there are some benefits (most research/crafting speedups) from throwing a little money in.. Warframes and weapons can be quite expensive when you look at the raw $$$ - Platinum values but the leaps you have to go through sometimes to build a warframe from scratch if there is something you really want to play as .. $10-15 is worth it (only thing that would be nice is being able to play with a warframe/weapon before purchase.. not sure if that is actually in the game.. if it is I haven't seen it yet :/)
game-hours: 40.2
review: this is actually a seriously badass game and would recommend it even if it was at cost, but its bloody FREE! although most of the in-game features such as new classes to play as, weapons to equip, cosmetics, etc requires actual purchase, but initially you can choose between 3 base classes (each class is defined more or less by the 4 abilities its capable of using), a tactical class that uses abilities that effect the player themself, teleportation, decoys, etc, a second class that focuses all its abilities into offensive power, and a nuetral class that has some offensive and some supportive abilities, your first character is free but to get more classes you have to either buy them outright or find some "materials" and "components" to make them and then pay with an ingame currency that your earn from doing missions, its kind of rediculous and your just better off buying stuff, not to mention only some weapons and stuff can be bought with the in game currency, but the game itself is free, so i kind of balances out, and i guess this way you only pay for the things want, but overall you can still play the game to a full extent without paying a cent
game-hours: 14.5
review: It's like Mass Effect and Ninja Gaiden had a baby, and it's awesome.
game-hours: 292.6
review: Any free to play game is fun, but this keeps you occupied with its crafting system and difficulty. the only down side is the endless grinding and farming for recorces and blueprints to build what you want. It also gives you a choice to buy the item, but it could cost up to 20 bucks for a new warframe, but its free to play, what can you expect.
game-hours: 28.9
review: It's really great, but It can be derpy at times, but all in all, it's awesome!
game-hours: 2.3
review: It was very...dynamic.
game-hours: 3.2
review: Pay 2 have fun / not grind
game-hours: 3.7
review: for free to play its worth a shot but its quite slow and repetative
game-hours: 1.2
review: Not good
game-hours: 2552.2
review: This game is totally awesome
game-hours: 52.1
review: This game is very fun to play with your friends. A bit like Borderlands but less randomness and more tactics . (I prefer Borderlands :P ) The diffrent missions can be completed in diffrent ways . You can either come in all guns blazing or do the entire mission by stealth, using only your sword. After the first missions you might be a bit bored but after a few hours , when you have customized your character to make it personal , you have an arenal that your pleased with , and when you leave mercury (because you are always stuck on spaceships/Earth and the other planets are more beautiful to play in ), the game will progressively be more fun. At some point (when you are a reasonable lvl) you can raid and do instances , online with random players or just your friends... The Mod system (you mod your weapons so they become stronger) is very confusing for begginers but after a while you will get the hang of it , and it's preeety dope.. I recommend this game to everyone .
game-hours: 82.5
review: Really fun and amazing to play with 3 of your friends
game-hours: 1.9
review: i was loving the game untill i was baned for no reaseaon it said i could play again in 2035
game-hours: 12.5
review: I loved this game...for about a month. I still like it but i just feel it lacks good end game content. definitely recommend trying it.
game-hours: 6.0
review: have not played yet but looks good
game-hours: 2.7
review: -      . The game is completely necessary to remove the use of machine guns and pistols - it nullifies the style of game. You need to create different modes of gameplay: level sweep speed, stealth, maximum damage, etc. Add to the exterior of the characters individual items that are not part of the character's body: bags, antennas, ammunition You need mutch more effects in kills. Enemies must to do something exept of just walking (every enemy). Each enemy wants something, something must to do, etc. Let enemies will be less, but every enemy becomes more interesting. The enemies have beds and toilets, a mess - a sign of life. More myths about ninjas in usual gameplay. The game will be alittle complicated but more interesting and exciting
game-hours: 730.1
review: THIS GAME AWESOME AWESOME GRAPHICS GOOD GAMEPLAY AND AWESOME WEAPONS
game-hours: 608.5
review: Cool game!
game-hours: 48.1
review: There are Space NInjas. 10/10
game-hours: 17.5
review: 10/10 would vehemently divekick again
game-hours: 0.8
review: Nice
game-hours: 9.6
review: Warframe is awesome, but you will need to spend a lot of time grinding solar systems to get good gear. Its well worth the grind in the end. If your looking for a game thats got Grity and hard fought battles that require a good team with some good ability to fill in the Trinity (somewhat) Warframe is your game. 10/10 in my book for a 3rd Person Shooter with the capablity of soloing most of it.
game-hours: 46.5
review: Nice.
game-hours: 97.8
review: Yes.
game-hours: 114.9
review: This game is pretty fun although it gets a little repetitive and gets boring after a while of playing it nonstop so if you want to get this don't play it all the time or you get bored of it really fast.
game-hours: 1.2
review: when ever i try to log in it say internet time out, anyone know how to fix this cause it looks like a awesome game
game-hours: 453.6
review: Warframe is a realy awesome and unique game. The creators thought this game through for sure. The way that they combine the old fashioned weapons (meele weapons) and the new fashioned weapons (primary and secondary) is fantastic! The veriaty of power ups which are know as Modifications or Mods is huge. I couldn't count them all. Weapons have a huge veriaty as well. The Warframes of this game are about 20. Not a lot but it's pretty hard to aquire all of them. I shall not explain any more. The rest is up to you to discover. Good luck Tenno...
game-hours: 13.5
review: Great game! Just needs a deathmatch.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Definitely a fun and addicting game. You start off having just come out of Cryostasis. After that, from what I've played of it so far, you are sent straighht into battle. Your character is somewhat similar to alien space ninja with upgradeable helmets shaped similar to "shark fins". The gameplay is amazing, the graphics are better than most games I've played, and the game is literally action packed. Definately a 10/10 in my opinion. I would definately recomend this to all who action packed sci-fi style games.
game-hours: 121.1
review: An annoying grindfest where people with their moms credit card outdo you anyways, only redeeming feature is the models. Animation is poor and the menus are garish, the stability of the servers provided are laughable at best and can make it almost unplayable. The way upgrades work are limited and poorly assembled with very little to actually incentivize more play. Warframe gets a 100/100 A+,  this game.
game-hours: 32.1
review: Really fun game if you like being a Ninja from outer space! Kind of like start trek! GET IT!
game-hours: 20.6
review: a very good strat game! lots of loot, weapons, and warframes (charecters) 4.5/5
game-hours: 367.6
review: why do I have 1000 hours in this terrible game
game-hours: 27.2
review: SPACE NINJAS!!!!!!! 10/10
game-hours: 281.2
review: Warframe is a great game, but alot of people abandon it due to it being a grind-fest overall its really good rating: 9/10 Pros: Completly free(unless your lazy) good visuals easy controls loads of differant classes,playstyles and weapons Cons: (might just be me) game was really hard to get into at the begining grinding(think monster hunter)
game-hours: 80.5
review: Ninjas in Space
game-hours: 42.0
review: It has stuff in it so it's good. Hope this review was helpful.
game-hours: 69.8
review: games awesome. not pay to win.
game-hours: 406.4
review: the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 965.1
review: Recommend you play with a group of friends, otherwise this game is going to be a nightmare. Best friendly co-op game I seen so far. Has potential.
game-hours: 54.2
review: why when i backup the warframe data than suddenly the game is gone? any solution?
game-hours: 1.2
review: when ever i try to log in it say internet time out, anyone know how to fix this cause it looks like a awesome game
game-hours: 453.6
review: Warframe is a realy awesome and unique game. The creators thought this game through for sure. The way that they combine the old fashioned weapons (meele weapons) and the new fashioned weapons (primary and secondary) is fantastic! The veriaty of power ups which are know as Modifications or Mods is huge. I couldn't count them all. Weapons have a huge veriaty as well. The Warframes of this game are about 20. Not a lot but it's pretty hard to aquire all of them. I shall not explain any more. The rest is up to you to discover. Good luck Tenno...
game-hours: 13.5
review: Great game! Just needs a deathmatch.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Definitely a fun and addicting game. You start off having just come out of Cryostasis. After that, from what I've played of it so far, you are sent straighht into battle. Your character is somewhat similar to alien space ninja with upgradeable helmets shaped similar to "shark fins". The gameplay is amazing, the graphics are better than most games I've played, and the game is literally action packed. Definately a 10/10 in my opinion. I would definately recomend this to all who action packed sci-fi style games.
game-hours: 121.1
review: An annoying grindfest where people with their moms credit card outdo you anyways, only redeeming feature is the models. Animation is poor and the menus are garish, the stability of the servers provided are laughable at best and can make it almost unplayable. The way upgrades work are limited and poorly assembled with very little to actually incentivize more play. Warframe gets a 100/100 A+,  this game.
game-hours: 32.1
review: Really fun game if you like being a Ninja from outer space! Kind of like start trek! GET IT!
game-hours: 20.6
review: a very good strat game! lots of loot, weapons, and warframes (charecters) 4.5/5
game-hours: 367.6
review: why do I have 1000 hours in this terrible game
game-hours: 185.8
review: As addictive as DoTA 2.
game-hours: 12.0
review: This game has change a lot by updates, with the most recent update being a major change to the user interface, for the good. With the new quest system allows a more friendly intro in the game without being overwhelmed by all the content in the game and includes more narrative into the game so it is no longer only played for it's gameplay, however only slightly becuase the quest system in new, but will improve over time with updates. The game is Free to play but I recomemed you spend some money on this game, about the same amount you would pay for a normal game becuase you will find yourself having a hard time getting on your feet in this game with equipment but do not buy weapons or Warframes directly with plat. becuase it is really expensive and you can better get them through Blueprints and gathering the materials to build them instead. The reason for buying plat. is to get on your feet and super charge your equipment making them twice as powerful. For mod collecting mods (the things you use to upgrade your equipment) you can go to the trading tab but only for rare mods that you really want or need otherwise just get them from the game. Overall this game has improve over time and will continue to do so, so if you find yourself unsatisfied with the game you may find it more entertaning with future updates.
game-hours: 152.3
review: Nice game. It is a nice concept. It was fun when I played it during the start of it. But, I can't play it right now, sadly. I wish it was on other platforms as well.
game-hours: 158.8
review: Awesome game if you have the patience/money to craft all the stuff you want (and there's a lot of those).
game-hours: 345.4
review: This story requires a bit of setup. Last year, a friend of mine whom I'd known from gaming for a long time contacted me and told me about this great new game that was in beta that he was backing as a founder (called a "Grandmaster" in-game) called Warframe. A third person cooperative shooter with elements of Phantasy Star Online/Diablo loot runs, procedurally generated levels, and more content being added all the time. The game was difficult to start, as there are many keys for various secret parkour maneuvers. Running along walls! Sliding down ziplines! Soon, I was completely hooked; my friend and I were playing late into the night, trying to grind out just one more piece necessary to build a new component or weapon, or trying to beat our best time on the Survival missions -- where you fend off an ever growing wave of foes as life support ticks down. Over the year, there were many great victories, hair raising last second escapes, and new friends joining our little group. Many hours were spent joking around with each other on Skype, cracking jokes, blasting weird songs at each other, and coming up with our own stupid little catchphrases. Flash forward a year; Warframe now has space combat, new Warframes, new weapons, and new combat controls. The game still has its original style, but it's so much improved. Last week, our four player regular team developed some incredible strategies that let us get further than we ever had on wave defense missions. The only thing that made us stop was getting tired. On Tuesday, my friend who invited me to the game a year ago didn't show up that night. I found out on Wednesday that he had passed away suddenly from an undiagnosed health condition. The shock of it is still hitting us hard. The friendships that we had formed through the game, gone in an instant. It hardly feels real. I keep expecting him to log in and be there, ready to do another defense mission, and it's difficult to accept that we'll be going it alone now. We contacted Digital Extremes, the company that makes the game, and asked if there was anything we could do. They dedicated their 11/20/2014 episode of their webcast to the memory of our friend and read our memorials to him on the air. Their reactions were heartfelt and touching. They really do listen to and react to the community. I not only recommend the game for how much fun it is (I recommend you play it with a group of friends on voice chat -- up to four per session; your gameplay experience may vary alone, and form a clan or join one just because many items are clan-only), I recommend it for how responsive the game developers are to the community. They constantly improve it and add new content, items, and weapons. There is a storyline that is unfolding. The voice acting is delightful. You could easily play this game without spending a single dollar of real world currency on it (real world currency is used for cosmetics and increasing the number of Warframes and weapons you can own, or buying things that you can't wait for). Thanks, Digital Extremes. And rest in peace, Woxit.
game-hours: 2491.4
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download Warframe 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play Warframe 3) Grind for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself; that's how sure I was that it would work. Edit: A few people are adding me for help on WF. Feel free to add me if you wish, and I'll try my best to accept and answer any questions you may have, but just know I may not have time to play more than a few rounds with you :c Sorry.
game-hours: 516.2
review: first week: its ok Second week: cool game Third week: wow, great game fourth week: 300 hours? this cant be right! fifth week: 430 hours, i have a problem...
game-hours: 523.3
review: they should add skateboards for all the grinding you do
game-hours: 2946.2
review: It's like a real life girlfriend. Only far less expensive and easier to grind.
game-hours: 118.7
review: | Update (24/4/14): It has been a fairly significant chunk of time since I wrote this review of Warframe, and some elements of the game have been expanded upon in ways that alleviate some of the issues I originally had. The premium currency, platinum, can now be traded between players. This provides an option for players who do not wish to put money into the game but want to participate in using the storefront. Users in the comments have pointed out that there are many powerful items which are not available in the store - if you want them, you'll need to grind. Multiple new game modes exist, including "Invasion", a mode which allows players to team up together with the Corpus or the Grineer to work against the opposing faction. This mode gives the player some agency in the kinds of rewards he receives for completing the mission. The latest update introduced Melee 2.0, which delivered improvements to the game's melee combat. The most interesting update comes in the form of Dark Sectors. Clans and alliances can own parts of the Solar System, and can fight for that contested ownership. Clans and Alliances can also set tax and resource requirements on anyone who accesses their conquered territories, leading to territorial battles for supremacy. In conclusion, a decent amount of content has been added to the game. While the core argument of my review holds true, Warframe is finally approaching the level of depth required to elevate itself above a mere grinding game. The new "EVE Online"-esque sector mechanics are particularly promising in that regard. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | Original Review (25/11/13) A great-looking, initially interesting game that feels like one compelling part of what should be a greater whole. Warframe is an interesting entry in the free to play space. It has the looks and the gameplay, but after a while it begins to feel lacking in the way of substance. Gameplay largely involves clearing your way through various missions types as you progress in rank, leveling up your weapons and your Warframe (the game's metaphor for various Classes, each having their own unique abilities, advantages, disadvantages and so on) as you shoot a myriad of alien Grineer, infested hordes, and Corpus robots. Missions range from rescue scenarios where a hostage must be located and escorted to safety, to mobile defense missions where waves of increasingly difficult enemies must be held off as you protect a moving objective. These can all be completed solo, but are made more interesting by grouping up with other players. Higher level missions are tricky by yourself, making teaming up the more attractive proposition. Weapons and Warframes can be augmented with various modifcations that apply the standard Action RPG fare - elemental damage bonuses, increased critical hit damage, faster reload speeds, you name it. This allows for some diversity in gameplay between players, where you may opt to build out your Warframe in a more supportive role, or stock up on mods which provide a more tanky character. So far the game has been well supported with semi-regular content updates and special events, usually in the form of new warframes and weapons, and a "community effort" in which everyone can participate. The only "issue" is that the game is a bit of a grind. In fact, it's a complete grinding game. The main reason for going on missions is in the hopes of accumulating various materials with which to craft the new warframes or weapons. You can use the games "premium" currency to expedite the process of manufacturing said items (which take hours, days of real time to craft) or simply buy them outright from a storefront. Why do you want these new weapons and warframes? To grind more efficiently for materials. This might strike you as a monotonous loop, and to an extent it is, but the joy of the gameplay itself goes a way to allievating the game from being a total bore. Inevitably though you may become tired of the treadmill. The game sometimes feels like it is skirting the boundaries of being gross about its "free to play" nature - you can certainly get almost everything in the game without spending if you're willing to commit to the grind, but it can sometimes feel like game systems are designed to encourage you to give up and bring out your wallet - namely the sheer amount of materials required to craft better equipment, and the time spent waiting for these items to actually be built. It's always questionable when a F2P game includes a long timer alongside a button to make it go away for just a few pounds. Ultimately, if you're just looking for a good looking, nice playing third person shooter with online components and a decent aesthetic, you can do far worse than Warframe. After spending some time with it, however, you might wind up wishing there was a little more to the experience beyond what is currently available.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat Feeling badass flipping off walls and chopping dudes up Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play Might destroy Relationship/Marriage Could cause loss of feeling in  Might cause loss of friends 10/10
game-hours: 401.9
review: I bought a space gun using my space money, i used said gun on space zombies, I casted space magic on said space zombies, then i space ninja'd my way to the space boss, where i used my space parkour and my space sword to space kill him, I then returned to my space ship were i rubbed the space belly of my space dog. Today was a good day.
game-hours: 2944.2
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. And to top it all off, everything that impacts gameplay can be obtained for free. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Start game ---- create an account --- choose warframe --- play game --- kill enemies/rescue buddies/defend a pod/etc --- kill bosses --- open new planets --- rank up --- build new warframe --- find clan --- build new warframe --- farm farm farm --- build new weapon --- farm farm farm --- build new warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build new sentry --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a Kubrow --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a prime weapon --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- build a Prime warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- play the same new event mission x5 --- gain new mods --- polarize weapon --- XP XP XP XP XP --- need credits - T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- NEW UPDATE ---- FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING --- go build arch wing - "No resources" --- farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm - build arch wing *NO CREDITS* --- T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- build archwing *** waits 36 hours*** thats pretty much my experience on Warframe --- 10/10 ---
game-hours: 270.7
review: Literally one of the best games ive ever had. Better than some of the paid games or AAA titles ive played
game-hours: 43.3
review: love it space ninja
game-hours: 1255.6
review: Very good F2P game. So much fun, fast paced action game, shooting and cutting up enemies :D Points to consider: It needs a lot of development which is happening now, the developers are really nice and the customer support is very good. Game is no where near finished and it takes a while (3-4 hours) to understand the base game.
game-hours: 267.9
review: Over the years Warframe has drastically changed. It started out as another free game on steam but grew to be a remarkable game. The graphics have changed extremley and same with the gameplay. Warframe is a game that you can pay to win but, you can still get the things that people pay to get but it takes longer. This game is literally just amazing. 10 out of 10. 5 stars.
game-hours: 33.4
review: So this is most likely the best review of this game on the internet, so listen up. Its a good game i like playing it idk if you will but if you want to try it out you can. You are suddenly amazed...
game-hours: 83.9
review: Warframe is a Co-op based third-person shooter set in a futuristic universe where you play as the Tenno, a race of reawakened warriors that are sustained in these suits called Warframes and begin clearing out the Solar System of threats such as the Grineer, a race of xenophobic clones that hate everything that's not a Grineer including the Tenno. Then you have Corpus, a unified profit organisation that seeks to make profit and kill everything that stops them from making profit, and then you have infestations that are organic lifeforms that seek to spread and infect the solar system. Warframe is one of the most polished f2p games I've ever played and here's why. The gameplay is fast-paced, fun and overall just awesome, I love slicing and dicing and pinning my foes to the wall, the different warframes you have which are the suits the Tenno (you) wear add many ways to playing, you have a wide range of weapons to use as well which I'll list below. Swords Pistols Assault Rifles Axes Staffs Hammers Shotguns Bows Crossbows Sniper Rifles Rocket Launchers Revolvers Machine Pistols Also, you have Sentinels and Kubrow, which are companions that act as a support role that help you during missions. There are different types of Sentinels and Kubrows that have different stats and abilities so in that sense you'd pick the one that suits your playstyle. Outside of missions you're on your ship even though when this game came out it was just a menu screen you had, the ship feature came in later. Anyway, you have your navigation system which lets you select which planet you wanna go to and do some missions, you'll also get daily events which you receive rewards for completing. You have other components on the ship, like the foundry for crafting, the arsenal for all your equipment, the comms for additional features, the mods segment for combining and upgrading mods, and the incubator for keeping your kubrow in. Graphically speaking, it's a very good looking game especially for f2p standards. The particle effects, the lighting the colors, the overall attention to detail is impressive. The aesthetic of Warframe's universe is very flashy, very colorful and very pretty. Sound is pretty good too, music is alright, weapon sound, ambient noise and the voice acting is pretty solid. As for story, usually most f2p games don't really interest me in the story aspect or atleast I hadn't found one yet but this game get's pretty interesting when you start digging up the lore from the codexes, wiki pages or even forums or videos that delve into the mythos of Warframe. It's good so far but it still needs to be more fleshed out and built upon more. What I gave on the first paragraph was really just the background story, a brief and very basic explanation of what Warframe's about and what you're doing. Warframe is like I said, a Co-op game. You do have the option to play on your own but unless you're equipped to do so, you're better off grouping with friends or other people because that's when the experience is at it's best in my opinion. There is PVP despite it not being the main focus of the game, I personally haven't touched it yet but maybe at some point I will. All I know is that you can do 1v1 duels in the Dojo and Dark Sector conflicts where clans fight for territory. But still, the addition of PVP is a good thing regardless, it add's more replay value to the game itself. Warframe is one of the few games in the f2p market that's not necessarily p2w, alot of the things you get in the market you can craft without ever spending a dime in the game. Credits are your main currency and is what let's you buy some weapons that allow you to pay with credits, blueprints which let's you craft things from warframes, weapons, items etc. Platinum is a currency that you aquire by using your money to buy things outright instead of crafting them. But like i stated, you don't have to spend money to get anywhere in this game, you can get almost everything from crafting, whilst it may take longer, in the end you'll still have that item you want. Ever since Warframe's release, the game has been getting better and better. With new updates, new weapons, new warframes, new events etc. There's always a reason to go back and the regular updates and it's great gameplay is one of the reasons why this game is so popular. Recently the Archwing update came, which brought in space combat which is a huge step-up in the progression of developing this game further, hell maybe at one point they might even allow you to literally fly your ship around the Solar System and not just walk in it. In the end you have one of the best f2p games in recent memory that has a strong developement team Digital Extreme that constantly improves the game, a big community, and a fair f2p model. Yes it is grindy, yes it is repetitive but it is also rewarding and fun at the same time.
game-hours: 62.1
review: This is one of the best 3rd person games i have seen.It has got everything.Guns,swords and even powers.The only bad with these games is that you have to use real money to buy ingame stuff.If some games didnt have that then they would be THE BEST.
game-hours: 771.8
review: a++ recommended
game-hours: 29.7
review: every  is fine well problems? is this really a ing free game? u serious about that ? every good equipment need REALLY money to purchase and IT IS NOT CHEAP at all! wut? u want to try it free? good luck with that u r gonna spend weeks for sth those players who spend money to play will get in several days so i would like to this the game had better charge players (like WOW or whatever) and let most of the equipment be availble for purchase via the in game currency instead of making every  no cheap in USD. Besides, making it similar to world of tank--> enable using the basic in game currency to purchase advanced currency that currently only avaible if paid with USD. besides.... a corperation of 4 players? i though it was sth like the stupid EA's Battlefield i would rather play PAYDAY2 since this game wont charge USD on every ing gun about the graphic i only get a GT555M so i wont say too much i do enjoy it though sometimes the fps drops drammatically other features are pretty good >_>
game-hours: 1322.1
review: goodgoodgoodgood
game-hours: 2231.4
review: A lovely game, still in development. (Obviously). But the gameplay is amazing, straight-forward, and the release of new content is well worth the wait and keeps me coming back. Can't wait for more addition of lore, game types and the like. The shiny, it intensifies.~
game-hours: 577.8
review: 5 stars.
game-hours: 525.4
review: Great gameplay and easily able to sink in many hours into it. The best part is it's free to play. You can buy addition storage and items but it's not necessary (I deleted frames I knew I wouldn't use anymore).
game-hours: 658.0
review: Well, it's a very well balanced game, great graphics, complex stat system. Before I explain why the actual gameplay is great, you should know that it has a massive grindwall which can be avoided with money. The physics system is still new and buggy, but it is definitely a great engine. The game starts off very slow, and takes a bunch of time to get used to. After the first 2 weeks you will have done no more than what an experienced player could do in a few hours. If you aren't a vivid everyday gamer - I don't recommend it. Otherwise, if you dig gaming, with friends and randoms - it's certainly worth a try. Lot's and lot's of content, complex player systems. All sorts of unique guns, launchers, blades and skill tree's. Thousands of multiplayer "combo" stratagies, hundreds of one-man stratagies. Gamestyle is up to you, mass killing & fast paced, or higher DPS, slower & challenging games. Many updates and exclusive events. One thing I must warn you about is the community. I've been on the forums a lot, and have seen it grow old and bitter over time. The great majority of players are not your friends.
game-hours: 1154.2
review: space ninjas many things to like
game-hours: 248.8
review: The game is epic for the price - it's F2P, and it's epic. What else are you waiting for? Warframe offers acces to almost all ingame items and visuals accessories without actually having the need to invest real money into it, but also won't make you poor if decision is made to put some into it. Overall fast-paced and fun shooter with 3rd person view. Oh and did I mention melee fighting and epic combos? I did now. Personal info - played it before it was available on Steam, linked it lately to it.
game-hours: 1054.5
review: Best game of all time. You need to at least try it. <3
game-hours: 196.2
review: This game is really fun alone or with friends or even with random people.
game-hours: 3.4
review: Good
game-hours: 296.1
review: Spam kill. It'll happen to you alot. There's only really one play style to this game. Which is sad. Makes configuration almost purely cosmetic. The skills are the best example of this. They're all essentially the same thing.
game-hours: 8248.1
review: Great co-op game, and for free!
game-hours: 63.9
review: DOWNLOAD IT PLAY IT LOVE IT
game-hours: 1866.9
review: This game is amazingly addicting. It has Space, Ninjas, and Guns. A combo that has blended quite well. The game does require time to be put in in order to reap the benefits, if you're going to play this casually, make sure you're playing with friends. This game is almost entirely free to play, with premium currency there mostly as a way to cut back on grinding and construction times. If there's one flaw to this game it's the grinding, if you want resources or blueprints, you'll have to put in some work, but in the end it feels very satisfying using a weapon you worked hard to acquire. Overall this game gets a massive 11/10 of my ratings. Loved every minute of it that I've played.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Awesome game. nothing else
game-hours: 211.4
review: One of the best free games you`ll play.
game-hours: 752.6
review: Fantastico com amigos
game-hours: 192.3
review: What a game! Simple coop but intriguing play-and-craft style.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Free-to-play, Amazing unique graphics, Option to pay(BUT... You can gather materials and blueprints and craft everything that you "Could" pay for with exception to some asthetic items. it is absolutely NOT "Pay-To-Win". Atleast check it out!
game-hours: 985.7
review: Well it is certainly a fun game. It focuses on loose teams of upto four players working together to accomplish a variety of goals; the assortment of weapons and armors is impressive and still growing, and the ability to customize the arributes of your armors and weapons just make it reign supreme when it comes to being allowed to do things your way. You can play it like an assualt shooting game or as a sneaky ninja game, there's even a solo mode for when you just want to have some fun all by yourself quietly. So if you enjoy co-op FPS shooting, stabbing, cyber ninja games; this one is probably for you. Go get them Tenno!
game-hours: 20.4
review: awesome free game!!! and its great to play with your friends!!!
game-hours: 5977.1
review: Well worth the price.
game-hours: 802.9
review: lotsa fun, lotsa maps
game-hours: 49.2
review: Not a bad third person shooter, considering its free its quite good. Takes a long time to get things i.e. you have to get matierals and then wait real time for them to build(any where between 1 hour and 24 hours. none the less it has alot of content and is fairly good. 7/10
game-hours: 155.1
review: awesome game one of the best on pc but keeps freezing up on me and makes me restart my comp and lose progress
game-hours: 2.9
review: this a game with amazing graghics and game play
game-hours: 461.1
review: Can't get enough of this game! The constant updates keeps this game interesting and enjoyable! While it will take awhile to become a relatively good player and feel like you're doing enough damage, the investment of your time will pay off. Also, unless you are going to constantly sink money into this game it will take some time to get better weapons and frames because you construct in real time and game resources are usurped quite a bit. The community is friendly and helpful, and the in-game trade is very nice as you can trade real money, in-game items, and in-game currency. All-in-all a great game that i would recommend to anyone and everyone. And the best part is...IT'S FREE!
game-hours: 69.8
review: super fun game moust play 10/10
game-hours: 300.2
review: BEST FREE GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED
game-hours: 71.7
review: Great way to pass the time, and can be hard at time's to level, but keep you intrested!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 4.8
review: best game ever!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 146.9
review: Good game,Fast Paced,Action packed. worth checking out
game-hours: 15.3
review: Do you like Sentai? Power Rangers? Karate Bugmen? Then this is the grindfest for you. Only complaint is not enough karate.
game-hours: 18.0
review: So far its the best MMOFPS i have ever seen. The graphics are great, and there are several characters to choose from, but at first you can only pick from the 3 that they give you. So far the updates keep getting better and better. There are some items that can be bought with special currency, but there are also items that can be obtain just by earning money from the missions. If you wanted to do some missions on your own, you can play the game in solo mode. Some mission can be challenging but they can be done. At the moment, there isn't a signal thing that is negative about the game.
game-hours: 75.3
review: The games graphics and style are awesome and 3rd person-shooter action s pretty solid though the melee could be better. The game has a crafting mechanic for the weapons which is cool as it adds replayablity, however i found it Very grindy and i play games like disgaea and Monster Hunter so when i say THIS game is grindy...it really is grindy, some people may infact love that but personally it was too much for me. -Overall its a good game and is worth playing at least once since its free to play. Give it a go.
game-hours: 1090.7
review: This game is incredibly buggy, but not so bad that it makes you want to stop playing. There's a lot that they can fix, but it's still a new game. All in all: Highly addicting game that you do not HAVE to pay to play. If anyone else wants to play my username is of course, Reikadeniah :)
game-hours: 45.9
review: 10/10 Will keep playing.
game-hours: 36.6
review: This game is great standing in my top 10 games,very much like tibes acend
game-hours: 712.8
review: Its a great game that has fun, fast paced shotter action. The missions are fun ( although not diverce) and the weapon and charextor levelinbg is relatively ok. The big fall off's from this game for me is the lack of a real story and the lack of super late game content. Overall an amazing game that is free to play and well worth picking up. 8.5/10
game-hours: 344.4
review: I totally approve of this game, bit glitchy from time to time but what did anyone expect from an open beta game. I tried it once, got hooked and so did a friend of mine who didn't like it at first, there's potential and players seems to be part of how this game evolves. 3 major letdowns though: #First out are those russians and whatnot who keep insisting *NOT* to use english when doing online gameplay even when they are asked to keep it so everyone could understand. #Second, speedrunning kids who go from start to end ASAP without actually doing any real gameplay. #Third, is more of a personal preference as *even if* they support the Devs, i find it extremly lazy when people just buy their gear with platinum as it just takes out the fun of the game, everyone want it all, but no one seems to be willing to work and wait for it, shame. But other than that, it's a fun game and even more with friends so bring them. /Nazher
game-hours: 7.3
review: This game is badass
game-hours: 367.0
review: da foarte frumos jocu si nici nu-l joc=)
game-hours: 3.5
review: great game!
game-hours: 275.0
review: It's 3rd person shooter/hack-n-slash pvp, free, very active community and always getting better. give it a shot and you'll love it
game-hours: 199.1
review: Free to play farming simulator. Always fun with friends, and fun without. The graphics are great (on a good computer) and it runs pretty well on a cheap computer. It has a nice community and good gameplay.
game-hours: 9.1
review: A great game, Graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is smooth
game-hours: 22.4
review: It's fun man so play it man just do it man you know you want to man
game-hours: 0.7
review: good game
game-hours: 6.1
review: one of the best free games
game-hours: 300.2
review: Warframe is a great third-person shooter,although it has some flaws here and there, which is to be expected from a game that is still currently in beta, It's still a great game to play with friends.
game-hours: 752.1
review: amazing game, takes the best of mass effect 3's multiplayer and expands it. It is also a nice plus that when you pay for things the devs dont laugh in your face, that money is put back into the game and it shows. This is the best F2P models out there.
game-hours: 7.3
review: Ninja space shooter with guns and Swords. What more could you ask for?
game-hours: 18.8
review: this game is great other than the fact you do have to be online to play. warframe is a good game for people new to third-person shooters and can be epic fun for hardcore gammers. this is one of my favorite free games to play right next to tf2.
game-hours: 94.5
review: Rhino STOMP
game-hours: 372.8
review: So much shooting action great preformance wish there were more missions like the Cicero Injector one.
game-hours: 138.6
review: Awesome if you like FPS games
game-hours: 4.5
review: Not my cup of tea for the kind of game it is, but i still enjoyed the 4 hours of playing it.
game-hours: 98.7
review: Makyuss d^^
game-hours: 16.4
review: very fun game with a large variety of characters and missions. I give this game nine tennos out of ten.
game-hours: 7.0
review: This is a really nice MMO and I am having a blast playing it.
game-hours: 1047.1
review: good day to be ninja man 10/10
game-hours: 291.4
review: Warframe is a very fun game that get's updated regularly and is also very fun to play with friends because it has a stragey/stealth aspect that can be used. My only complaint about the game is the farming for crafting. It's very tedious and includes you getting the blueprint for the item, getting the crafting components for the blueprint (usually involving farming), then waiting for the item to finish after you use credits and the components. Other than that Warframe is very unique to any other game in the genre and definitly deserves some attention for how cool it is.
game-hours: 32.9
review: Warframe is litterly an all around amazing game, the gameplay is very good, the weapon selection and combination possobilitys are funominal
game-hours: 0.4
review: very very cool
game-hours: 1304.9
review: Warframe is beautiful in terms of diversity and content. You can play any type of build you can dream, and it doesn't stop being fun, even when you've been off for a while.
game-hours: 420.7
review: Others reviews will tell all the good points of this game. What my review's going to tell you is how fluid the progression is! After hundreds of play I still have a clear goal and I can just logg-in for about an hour and progress toward my goals. First of all, lets set how you get better at this game : _______________________________ Short version : You get better by doing one of those: -Farming XP (Defense/ Survival, requires good gear, The real challenge) -Farming credits (You go in a void mission in a team, easy, if you're faster it's better) -Farming Mods -Nightmare(Hard missions, you either need a good friend, luck or skills) - Vault mission(medium-Hard missions, you need a team) -Farming prime Gear ( Requires Void mission, may be rare for some pieces but some other pieces are easy) -Gettign new Frames (Reaaal easy, just kill the planets' boss) -Getting platinium without money ( You either get good mods or prime gear and tradi it with people... expect 1 potato / 2h) -Boost a weapon to its maximum ( Forma it 3 times, which reset its level to 0, so, about 8 hours to get that weapon from 0 to 30 4 times... you better really like this weapon ;) So you see, in youer 1st month, get all the frames and some better gear. In second month, spend credits on Mods and acquire beter mods. In other months, Get a Frame to be reall good (Forma), and taste the poweeeerrr!!!! Later, get every frame to lvl 30, with a potato... because every frame is awesome and allows you to play a completely different style! :) _____________ Long version : You get xp on your gear (weapon, frame), This xp doesn't increase directly its stats but instead allow you to put mods in the said equipement. The max level of a piece is 30, if you go on an appropriate map you can get a piece from 0 to 30 in about 2-3 hours. (Requires a good team) If you're starting, maybe 5-10 hours in you could have a lvl 30. On top of those 30 points for mods, you can insert an orokin reactor to DOUBLE those points! These are buyable for 20 Platinum (with 1$ you can have about 5 Orokin reactors (aka. Potatoes)) I don't know for you, but paying 5$ for my first 1-2 months of playing is quite acceptable ^^, Aaaand, if you really don't want to pay a dollar, you can! There's a trade system in the game allowing you to sell good parts for platinum. To give you an idea, 2 good mods (which you can get from 5-10 hours in the game or less if you're rushing for it) will give you about 1 Potato. After that, how to get better frame / weapons? You can clear all the planatary systems to get the basic warframes (which some are insanely good), just kill the boss of every planet about 5 times and you'll have ALL THE FRAMMEEEES!!! :D You'll get youre 1st frame about 10h in the game, then the crafting will take 3 days and a half... you gotta take a day off ;) Then, personnaly, I've got my 3th to 6th Frame in the same day... which then means, after 2 weeks in the game you "can" have access to HALF the frames! :D But then, you'ce got all that gear, but none is really powerfull, how comes?! You have to level up yor mods too! Some will be easy to level up, but some costs up to a Million Credits! So if you're tired of Farming gear, go get some more Credits, the Void missons are perfect for that, and you want a bonus on top of fast credits? ok! the void gives you some special gear too!! Then, you got your weapon lvl 30, with a potato... And with good mods in it, can you get it better? YES! there's a system called Forma, it gets your gear to lvl 0 but changes 1 mod slot to make it cost 50% less points :)
game-hours: 9.2
review: This game is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 84.9
review: If Ninja Gaiden and Mass Effect had a child, this game would be it.
game-hours: 41.9
review: very good game the story is okay its kinda like halo but the fact its a 3rd person shooter im not a 3rd person shooter fan but i found that i love this game and also find my self running back to it.
game-hours: 405.0
review: aye this  guuci
game-hours: 371.6
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 3597.0
review: great game updated regularly lots of content if a little grindy at times but played 200 hours plus and still playing
game-hours: 148.9
review: Enjoying the grind.
game-hours: 58.2
review: A bit complex to start off with, but after the first few hours it all becomes clearer. One of the most fun free to play co-operative- maybe even overall game Iv'e ever played. The deep customization & gameplay mechanics, it is just so much fun. Also chopping people's limbs off is a bonus. I would recommend this to everyone.
game-hours: 62.1
review: Very fun game. It's free so you can play with your friends.
game-hours: 3.4
review: Pretty neat :).... NO REALLY PRETTY GOOD!!!!!!11
game-hours: 681.8
review: free :) its bad  looking to and plays well , i just need to figure out the difficulty settings could be ive only done 1 misson
game-hours: 17.4
review: You have to get this game, its alot of fun
game-hours: 9.2
review: well it was good when i had it and i picked the wrong character accidently so i uninstalled it. Anyway it just amazing its like a futuristic version of deadpool
game-hours: 84.5
review: fun co-op game kinda reminds me of mass effect 3 multi
game-hours: 10.4
review: I like the game however I only wish it was an actual retail game where I pay 20$ and get a physical copy with a good amount of stuff in it instead of a Free 2 Play game.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Warframe is a fast paced Third person Game set in our solar system in what seems to be the distant future. You play as a Tenno, from what I can see are a group of highly advanced space ninjas, set to eliminate hostile species in the solar system. While its a fun game, the levels just keep repeating, like Angry Birds Go. The levels are just :Destroy the core! or Find the Hostage! or Take out that guy! Each gamemode has a different map but that map keeps repeating. Each planet has a different mas though. Now the maps repeat over and over again but this game just keeps getting so addicting! With a wide variety of weapons which of course, You'll need to pay for them, make this game like TF2 with the weapon system except you don't really get weapons randomly like TF2. Warframe is a F2P that is only available on PC, but now there is a version the the PS4 which isn't a F2P and I believe costs 60 bucks. I'd say just buy the game, but you'll also need to create an account. Be wise when choosing your Tenno as each one is different. For new people, I suggest getting the balaned "Excalibur" class. Every class has a melee weapon, which you can buy different melee weapons. You start off with a sick Katana which you can slice enemies with, or if you wanna go complete mafia mode you can get the electric knuckles! If you want my rating I rate this 7/10! INSTALL THIS!
game-hours: 722.4
review: Quite nice game :-)
game-hours: 7.6
review: this game is honestly one of the best games ive ever played just the thought of a game like this can blow your mind
game-hours: 5.2
review: This is a really good game with good graphics. Unlike most free to play games, it has a lot of game play that you can do without the need to put in money. It is a game that requires thought and teamwork.
game-hours: 118.9
review: fun if you spend real money
game-hours: 4.4
review: Super friggin fun sci fi game
game-hours: 268.5
review: fun game, i enjoyed it. never had any problems with it.
game-hours: 25.4
review: quality except for the grinding that is such a
game-hours: 297.2
review: breathtaking graphics + ninjas + parkour + tons of wepons + supernatural powers + alien zombies+ ugly enemies + the fact you look badass doing everthing... what does this game not have
game-hours: 79.1
review: This game is so fun
game-hours: 33.8
review: Very fun, well put together game. I enjoy playing this game online or even on solo mode. I recremend this game to anyone who likes fighting close range or at a distance.
game-hours: 97.1
review: one of thebest f2p shooter
game-hours: 44.4
review: AMAZING game absolutly love it i have the graphics on the lowest setting and it still a beautiful game
game-hours: 352.3
review: Decent fun for a few hours.. just dont go thinking you can go hardcore.
game-hours: 89.8
review: Endless customization.
game-hours: 188.3
review: Online Co-op Halo game with magic. Fantastic game, well optimized, great graphics, and fluid gameplay aside from melee. My only gripe is there are a few Warframes that shine above the rest, my Nova can destroy the entire screen instantly on everything but the hardest content, while my Nyx is much...much slower. My Rhino can solo everything in the game by just surviving through it all, but my Excalibur dies very easily and isn't even as powerful offense wise as my Rhino. The game is not pay to win at all - you can make Warframes by crafting them in 3 days, and weapons in 1 day. The materials are easy to get and it's mostly just the time spent crafting that is the hassle. Now - If you are going to play 100% free just know that you should stick to 1-3 Warframes, because you won't have enough inventory space for any more - it's still great fun though. I still fully recommend this game to anyone, as it will provide at the very least 100 hours of gameplay.
game-hours: 170.0
review: Awesome !!!!
game-hours: 8.4
review: Imagine an Assassin's Creed, mixed with Mass Effect, and make it multiplayer-oriented. Oh, I forgot to mention: ALIEN SPACE NINJAS
game-hours: 48.2
review: Super fun
game-hours: 16.8
review: It's ok
game-hours: 46.9
review: this is a fun game the download is long but worth it :)
game-hours: 25.4
review: I tried to play this game when it first came out but it was a bit to weird for me. But I've gotten back into it in the past few days. Once I figured out how to do everything and got my keys all set up I love it. The movement in the game is amazing! The ablility to run up along walls and climb on and jump on pretty much everything in the environment is awesome. I find the game menu a bit confusing with all the planets but its not to bad. The customization is pretty cool. I havent found much to buy with in game money yet, but im sure what will come. Most of the stuff seems to have a real money cost. I like the idea behind it. Its pretty original. So if you are looking for something new that combines a lot of different types of combat check it out.
game-hours: 523.2
review: SPACE NINJAS WITH GUNS
game-hours: 743.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 198.9
review: this game is awsome its cool and ninja type
game-hours: 76.4
review: Great game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 9.2
review: awsome
game-hours: 6.0
review: Moahahahaahhahahahahahahhahahahaahaaahaaaahaaaahaaahaahaaahaaahaaaahaaahaahahah .kul.
game-hours: 3.9
review: Esta bueno...
game-hours: 3.3
review: Fantastic so far
game-hours: 313.1
review: This game is awesome, great graphics awesome combat and endless fun. Although the turorial is lacking i would recomend chacking out the wiki on start up info. I would definetly recomend this and have to friends.
game-hours: 10.1
review: !!!
game-hours: 1.1
review: gay
game-hours: 727.7
review: Awesome game :)
game-hours: 599.3
review: Love it!
game-hours: 1.1
review: The video says it all.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Best game ever created
game-hours: 2681.5
review: Two main things I like about this game: First, of all those things in the trailers, I saw precisely one thing you can't actually do in game; it was when Loki stabbed two enemies at once, and if the Devs follow through with their promises, that might be possible by the next major update. Second, since the trading system's implementation, there is literally nothing in the game that you can't get as a f2p player (which I am). Paying helps, but hard work will get you farther than any amount of cash. In terms of originality, it seems like the developers had never played another video game in their lives. It's often hard to find games that aren't influenced by Star Wars, Halo, or other successful franchises these days, but this is one of those few. Overall, great game, and I wish more games were like this.
game-hours: 632.7
review: Great quality, both in the graphics and gameplay department. Great variety of play styles, a bit grindy but an overall great experience, recommended.
game-hours: 44.9
review: a great game for players who are bored and seek action and a few challenges
game-hours: 928.2
review: umyaprettymuch
game-hours: 607.0
review: Holy  balls so ing fun get it now
game-hours: 24.0
review: made me a real robot 8/8
game-hours: 41.7
review: ur ninja in space, can it b mor awsom? nop
game-hours: 312.2
review: metal gear solid YES!!! naruto YES!!! bleach YES!!! (masked and sword everwhere) avatar YES!!! starwars YES!!! lag yes...sometimes when the host suck BUT NO BIG DEAL all the AI also freezeing (freehit) F2P YES!!!
game-hours: 483.7
review: Grind fest.
game-hours: 225.3
review: I really love the game and the diversity you can experience. Although I do believe they should lower the time to make things. Warframes take 3 days to make by themselves not to mention the 12 hours for each part. Other than the building times this game is very fun and I hope it can bring alot more warframes into the mix even though it already has so many.
game-hours: 412.7
review: Frankly the longer I pay this game the more I cannot believe it is free. Now believe me, I hate to say that because of the risk of it becoming something other than free, but this game has some serious high points. FIrst off, the game is beautifully rendered. The combat is very smooth and easy to pick up, even if you are just beginning. As you progress you become more and more aware of the acrobatic aspect of the game. This coupled with the different combat options makes for a truly interesting experience.
game-hours: 2772.3
review: Best online co-op i've ever played.
game-hours: 53.5
review: Slow at first, but when you get into it, its a whole new experience!!!
game-hours: 1.5
review: crap ::P aha jks
game-hours: 6.6
review: Decent game, I don't like the art too much.
game-hours: 8.8
review: Space ninjas... this is all that is needed to be said
game-hours: 223.6
review: Do not payattention to the metacritc sorce becuase this game is one of the best free to play games of all time. To make things easier when you first start to game the games goes unto its oone seperate luancher which downloads all of the updates. Some people find that the updating process is annoying but after that this game gets very fun. Also you should know that this game does not operate on pay to play you can build wepons and new warframes you don't have to buy them, I repeat YOU DON"T HAVE BUY NEW WEPONS AND WARFRAMES. Take your time, be patent and don't buy new stuff and you will love this game. If you have a question just look up a guide on steam or google. Thanks
game-hours: 61.2
review: !!! , ,!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 12.9
review: its a good and enjoyable game if u really understand it, its got varietes of classes adding to the joy
game-hours: 157.7
review: This game in my opinion is one of the TOP 5 BEST free games on Steam! Although Warframe thrives off of micro-transactions everything can still be done 100% free.
game-hours: 20.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 215.7
review: its awesome
game-hours: 163.8
review: The most addicting "Free to Play" MMO in which Ive spent the most money, more than years of subscriptions to pay to play MMO's. To me, this game has that addictive "magic find run" experience, you keep trying to find the best Mods for your weapons and Warframes. Crafting is simple, getting the parts takes time but it CAN be done relatively easily! This game is a MUST play, I have not re-subscribed to FFXIV because of this game.
game-hours: 433.1
review: Great shooter and competitive game great with friends and still offers a good single player experience very fast paced not recommended for those with slower computers.
game-hours: 80.4
review: This game is the pinacle of online co op. While most developers are copying the first person shooter warfame broght back the 3rd person shooter. You are a powered and skilled person in a suit, but it has a realistic sort of element to it. I can't really put my words on it, but you need your team mated in this game. And thats what makes it fun. That you have to work together, protect, and heal each other. Its not just about pressing click, and aiming carelessly. Great things like good xping, story, bosses, and upgrades keep this game refreshing. The visuals also are great for a free to play game. They update, fix, and patch the game consistently. As for any online game it does have bumps here and their, but getting into a game is fast unline most. Definately download this game. I usually don't buy items online, but I bought one to show my little support of how I like these people who keep adding and fixing the game.
game-hours: 296.2
review: Good game, Best played with friends with microphones for fun expierence game can get repetetive and lacking with things to do. Stuff is still being added to the game but takes awhile for them to bring new content out.
game-hours: 213.7
review: I love playing this game sooooo much!!!! If I would rank this game, it would be 10/10. It the best free to play game ever!!!
game-hours: 1.1
review: Its a good game but i cant stop lagging. but it is extremly well textured and well developed so that makes up for it
game-hours: 757.9
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1784.8
review: It's a really fun game, with countless hours of replay value and a lot of honest and very entertaining original content!
game-hours: 11.4
review: One of my FAVOURITE STEAM GAME TO PLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PS:THANKS STEAM FOR THIS GAME TO DOWNLOAD
game-hours: 520.5
review: Fun to play with friends
game-hours: 201.3
review: Ya, ez vury vury fun :D
game-hours: 17.3
review: Insanely fun F2P game. One of my favorites actually. Amazing graphics on ultra, and fun to play with friends!
game-hours: 187.4
review: Very cool and fun game reminds me a lot of mass effect 3's multiplayer
game-hours: 348.3
review: I can't stop playing this game. It's got space marines, robotic proxies people, and space ninjas. What more do you want? Okay, you want more. This is a game that you don't have to pay for, and have a whole bunch of fun with or without friends. The game is a lobby-based MMO that is the 3rd most played free-to-play game on Steam, so there's never a shortage of people to play with. The development team holds the player base in high regards, often allowing them to choose the next Warframe's(Characters) abilities, and give a pool of weapons to vote on to see in the game. So if you want to play a game of ninjas shooting, blasting, and slicing through swathes of enemies, this is a game you need to play.
game-hours: 0.2
review: lll
game-hours: 3.2
review: good game you got to get it
game-hours: 24.7
review: This game is strait up amazing.
game-hours: 128.7
review: I'm about 10 hours in by this review and I can say so far that- especially for a free-to-play- Warframe's a blast. The controls are smooth and have a great learning curve while combat's generally fun and varied. Unlike other free-to-plays (I'm looking at YOU, BLACKLIGHT: RETRIBUTION!!!), taking the high road of not using real-world currency to purchase items doesn't leave you in the dust; it takes longer to purchase weapons, but not outlandishly-so. Instead there's a rewarding feeling when you finally grab that beauty of a bow after so many playthroughs. The only thing so far that bugs me is the repetition, which the game's got too much of. By the time it's reached a final product new missions should likely become a big part of it to add a little variety to the grind, but so far I'm pretty happy with how development's coming for it.
game-hours: 1049.6
review: I highly recommend this game if you like crafting and collecting matearials with a side of a shooter/ninja
game-hours: 159.5
review: Great game, can be played solo but is most injoyable wih 4 people, does get a little repetative and getting new stuff ccn be a chore but its still one of the best Free to play games out there and you should totally get it!
game-hours: 377.4
review: love this game recomeded
game-hours: 93.2
review: this game is one of the best free to play games to ive played
game-hours: 1044.3
review: Great game with a bright outlook. The best F2P coop game hands down. Smooth gameplay, excellent variety of weapons and stunning visual. The only thing thats lacking is End Game, but that's coming out soon so don't worry. You can pretty much get everything except the cosmetics through grinding without spending any money. 5/5
game-hours: 107.2
review: Ily Rhino
game-hours: 825.9
review: Action packed!
game-hours: 678.5
review: yes i recommend this game
game-hours: 468.3
review: Two words. Space Ninjas. Pretty good F2P Third person shooter with parkour and group play elements. Can be a little grindy and repetitive after a while if they don't put out new content. Other wise it's one of the better F2P games you can download.
game-hours: 244.5
review: Space Ninjas fighting space zombies, space russians, and space merchants. IN SPACE.
game-hours: 956.0
review: Warframe is a very fun (in my opinion) game. It has tons, of content, and almost everything can be gotten without paying for platinum. My only problem is that my computer is having problems updating it.
game-hours: 8.8
review: Fun co-op game so far, alot of upgrading/crafting aswell if you're into that. If you enjoy L4D2 and Mass Effect you will prolly enjoy it. I really enjoy the graphics in this game aswell! It's free hello?!
game-hours: 13.9
review: Really laggy and slow. Motion is blurry and super fast. ITs a great concept go! just have to iron out bugs and movement as well as aiming.
game-hours: 398.3
review: Flying Space ninjas in space, it is so fun but i found it to be to heavey on the grind at some stages, but overall youll have fun from the amount of parkor and slide melee fliping ninkas
game-hours: 241.5
review: This is a MUST get game
game-hours: 1116.3
review: Great game Only down fall is it will make you forget you have real life things to do.
game-hours: 0.8
review: hello this is a review for warframe do you think warframe is one of tose transformers game. This game is not at all like transformers it is like dota 2, CSGO, left4dead and uberstrike. So if you have u chance to get tis game get it!
game-hours: 4.3
review: A few words about the game. Super fun, Super addicting Although this game reminds me of the dogs and MDK it fails to hit that humorous mark and creates live warframes from the Tenno in spirit of MDK. Now besides being a BA you pretty much own and have a hard time dying. The game mechanics are so fluid that dying is almost out of the question unless a) something went wrong b) you are an idiot. C) you went too much solo. This game is perfect to a t. However despite that once you are sucked in you will find you want to do other things despite this game being so blasted awesome! Thereof the game hits the sweet spot in your gray matter of the cortex in your brain and vanishes from the fun nerve. In a matter of coloqiualism you miss that fun spot by a hair and make people pay for certain tech upgrades. I understand why, but this also creates road blocks. I wish you would simply attack $20. onto the title and then create a lot of free addons. This game is amazing but not quite in another reguard as it's too perfect to be believable. Soon you will find "agg thhis seems too fluid and easy." to play....
game-hours: 261.5
review: good game
game-hours: 82.4
review: Best third there is ! :D
game-hours: 759.5
review: YEAH! Ninja's and !
game-hours: 105.7
review: This is exactly what I want out of a video game. The plot: Me good, them bad, kill bad man with gun. If you love being anime and killing hundreds of dudes, then this is the game for you. If you love co-op games but cant find one since Army of Two died, then check this out for sure.
game-hours: 738.9
review: Great co-op game, unlike anyother. No extra fee's, it is awsome, some glitches, but, good support team 9.5/10
game-hours: 36.6
review: This game is great standing in my top 10 games,very much like tibes acend
game-hours: 712.8
review: Its a great game that has fun, fast paced shotter action. The missions are fun ( although not diverce) and the weapon and charextor levelinbg is relatively ok. The big fall off's from this game for me is the lack of a real story and the lack of super late game content. Overall an amazing game that is free to play and well worth picking up. 8.5/10
game-hours: 344.4
review: I totally approve of this game, bit glitchy from time to time but what did anyone expect from an open beta game. I tried it once, got hooked and so did a friend of mine who didn't like it at first, there's potential and players seems to be part of how this game evolves. 3 major letdowns though: #First out are those russians and whatnot who keep insisting *NOT* to use english when doing online gameplay even when they are asked to keep it so everyone could understand. #Second, speedrunning kids who go from start to end ASAP without actually doing any real gameplay. #Third, is more of a personal preference as *even if* they support the Devs, i find it extremly lazy when people just buy their gear with platinum as it just takes out the fun of the game, everyone want it all, but no one seems to be willing to work and wait for it, shame. But other than that, it's a fun game and even more with friends so bring them. /Nazher
game-hours: 7.3
review: This game is badass
game-hours: 267.2
review: This games great. I still enjoy it but its a gindfest game.
game-hours: 42.6
review: one of the best graphics of any third-person shooter game. this is a titant amount dwarfs. the story is engaging and the combat systems are fun. I laugh at the AI sometimes, they sometimes run in circles. but this is truely a game with potential and i can't wait to see wht they come up with next.
game-hours: 4.7
review: So far not a bad game
game-hours: 4.8
review: yay
game-hours: 139.2
review: very fun game, starts kinda boring but boy does it get better.
game-hours: 80.9
review: The best science-fiction third-person shooter game ever!!!
game-hours: 52.3
review: cool game
game-hours: 6.5
review: Pretty guchi if i do say so myself. (   )
game-hours: 33.8
review: This is a really fun game and one of the best free to play games I've played. It's meant to be played cooperatively, so try it out with a friend. It's free, so there's no risk in giving it a shot.
game-hours: 613.5
review: AAAAAAAAGHH! IT'S SO GOOD!
game-hours: 27.9
review: Fast-Pace, third person, badass pile of awsome!
game-hours: 119.1
review: Ninjas in space fighting Aliens. If that sentence didn't intrigue and excite you, then there's no hope for you as a human being. Enjoy nothingness, you joyless wasteling.
game-hours: 25.2
review: Really fun if you just feel like killing a bunch of things.
game-hours: 190.3
review: Best Co-op game I've ever come across, and I've tried alot. Simple yet complex and intricate movement and combat system, with smooth transitions into free running madness, all while under attacks from swarms of enemies. Do you and your group have what it takes to survive?
game-hours: 91.5
review: This game is really fun to play with you friends, There is a stealth aspect to the game which I love and you're able to go in guns blazing aswel..
game-hours: 856.1
review: It's a radical game about space ninjas goin' round killin' stuff. It's NOT P2W, everybody has the same resources available, paying or not. So don't let others talk you into that. Though the game IS a bit of a grind at times. Search (x) for (insert resource and/or blueprint here.) and build up the credits to create what you want. RNG is a total hack, but don't let that water down your fun. Overall; It's a nice game to play with friends, or by yourself. Money will make the game easier, though you don't have to at all.
game-hours: 87.8
review: Quite possibly one the greatest Free-to-play games on the market, the community is decent, the graphics are dazzling, and the combat is explosive, however this game loses it's appeal once the equipment and character acquisition grind come into play. All characters and weapons are craftable, however pay-to-win is a very viable option unfortunately, with crafting times varying from 1 day to 3 days for each piece, let alone the actual multiple piece item. The environments are recycled and lose their shine after a while, though it really doesn't detract from the game seeing as how it fits the clone/pirate/zombie storyline. Overall a superb game, until you hit the equipment wall.
game-hours: 972.9
review: Bawsome
game-hours: 413.4
review: WHAT MORE CAN YOU SAY BUT : MUST DOWNLOAD - MUST PLAY- BEST F2P ;3
game-hours: 29.3
review: amazing game, but be prapared for lag if your on a lower end system
game-hours: 32.0
review: Warframe was a different game for me. I usually don't play online third person shooters or any online shooter for that matter. The game had a interesting setup, I liked the fact that this game has a lot of customization on weapons. However the game has quite a few issues. First of all this game is heavy pay to win. Crafting in this game takes a lot of time (12 hours for weapons) and a lot of credits (in game currency). However people who pay for the game can just buy these weapons from the start. People who pay can also buy additional warframes from the start, which have to be crafted (it is very difficult to do) by non paying members. Non paying members are also limited in even the basic colors of their warframe. They are only given a tiny fraction of colors (That didn't include black which bothered me since its one of my favorite colors) that are honestly not that good with the exception of a few. As for gameplay itself it seemed to have good mechanics, I liked the fact that you can beat a level with stealth to avoid fighting masses of enemies (best done solo with loki warframe). Weapon balance seemed good. Combat is fast paced, fluid, and full of action. Live action and several different ways to use melee attacks along with awesome jumps had me, at times, just messing around with the controls for fun. The game feels kind of disconnected between players though. Throughout my time playing this game very few players would talk to me, and honestly there wasn't much to talk about. The game also has very repetetive maps. While I understand making a unique map for every single level would be impossible, throughout my time playing I only saw three maps. An underground cave, a base on a icy planet, and a warship. The individual sections are also repetitive. By one or two playthroughs of each map you will have seen almost every section there is. It would be nice to see a unique design for every world, which I think is possible. The missions themselves are highly repetative. I found myself doing the same thing over and over again with few alterations. Some new mission types should be added to the game to curb its repetetive feel. In the end, if you are going to play this game as a dedicated player, be ready to fork out some money because my f2p run of this game had me leaving by the time I finished mars. Some improvments that I think would help the game: Create at least three unique maps for each world, get a world chat lobby to connect the players a little more, make demos for weapons so we know what the gun is like before we go through the trouble of getting them, and add some new missions to make the game less repetetive. Well there is my review
game-hours: 18.2
review: Very fun! Kind of confusing at first, but once you know what you are doing it is awesome!
game-hours: 747.3
review: I have played Warframe alot and I can tell you that if you like shooters you will love this game. Most free to play games I have played are really bad or are pay to win but Warframe is not. Warframe has a system were if you want to pay to get things quicker you can but almost everything that you can pay to get you can get without spending anything and the stuff you do have to pay for are mostly cometic. Warframe's combat system is very good and fun to play with becuase there is a weapon or tool for almost every play style out there. The people who make Warframe seem to care very much about there game and what people think of it and have a content update every week and a big update every few weeks. One thing I wish warframe had more of is story and I think that that is pretty much the only thing that is lacking in Warframe but do not worry because the devs are making meny updates to the story and lore. Warframe is a very fun and very well made game and I think that if you like shooters you will love this game.
game-hours: 104.5
review: The upsides are simple: This game's aesthetic is amazing; Tenno look cool, everything they do looks cool, player actions and stuff are cool, and dome helmets. The story is ambiguous enough to be open to whatever player's interpretive powers might allow and it doesn't get in the way. You have guns and you shoot things, you have swords and you hit things. Navigation is almost never an issue and teamwork is smooth and easy. Pace is generally pretty fast and thus things don't get stale as quickly. The downsides are also simple: Buggy as hell. This being free to play, everything that isn't 'basic XY or Z' costs dollars or a lot of time, especially aesthetic stuff. Grinding is not too bad but still present. Networking can be awful at times, and occasionally nonexistant. Teamwork is not a necessity, having a team is, as the game doesn't seem to be balanced even remotely for less than the typical complement of 4 players without being laughably easy.
game-hours: 916.7
review: Great fun game!!!
game-hours: 1243.1
review: Very easy game to play, if you ignore all the grinding and damage calculations. And grinding. And endless grinding... But it's a very fun game, mixes shooter with parkour-ish mechanics.
game-hours: 71.9
review: This is hands down one of the most addicting games I've played in a long time. 20 minutes turns into 5 hours easy. You won't be disappointed
game-hours: 962.7
review: Fully f2p game , there's no way you can win this with p2w. Tons of content and customization to use your creativity! Just try it ! This game is full of action and unforgettable experience.
game-hours: 108.7
review: Warframe is an online Coop-Shooter, which slightly reminds me of a mix of Halo (Story + Setting) and Mirror's Edge(moveability and gameplay style). This Combo results in lots of excitement and possibilities and a lot of fun while playing. You can go on PvE missions all around our solar system (and even a bit outside of it) or play PvP in consortium. The matchmaking is cool (you can even set the max ping you want to be matched with), even if you play without your friends you will be automatically assigned to squads going onto the same mission. There are a few bugs which might force you to shut down the game (only occured in menu) but remember: it's free and it's in beta. So wtf do you want? :D It is a free-to-play title, with (in my opinion) exemplary handling of paying gamers: You can only speed up your advance (getting new warframes and equipment) through paying real money. If you are non-payer: You can farm everything on your own and get the newest warframes, too. Which is perfect, as I want to play a game to get the good stuff (so you got a lot to do). The only thing I'm not sure about is Warframe/Weapon slots. You will need to purchase them for real money, if you want to have more than 2 warframes or 8 weapons at a time. Warframe slots cost 20 platinum and weapon slots cost 6 platinum. The smallest platinum buying pack costs 4,49 and gets you 75 platinum, so at the worst real money to platinum rate one warframe slot costs around 1,20. The only really bad thing I noticed: It's pretty adictive, especially in the beginning (e.g. after getting your first warframe part).
game-hours: 6.5
review: much good very play wow so violence much recommend explosyon wow
game-hours: 10.4
review: This thing, I'd PAY for this and it's for free, its too well made to be true.
game-hours: 244.7
review: soo adictive!
game-hours: 3.3
review: warframe is a great game.
game-hours: 514.1
review: Ninjas. In SPACE!
game-hours: 256.3
review: A fun an unique third person co-op game, Warframe is an all around interesting and fun game with a slew of objective based game modes that pit you and your team of space ninjas against three factions: The space marines, an evil space corporation, and space zombies. There is an incredible selection of warframe classes to play, weapons to use, and challenging bosses to fight. The biggest downside of this game is the business model. As a free to play game, you need to sink about a hundred hours or more into it in order to unlock new weapons and classes by grinding for obsurdly hard to obtain resources, blueprints and credits. However, the fun fast-pased action is enough to carry the game through it's failings. Altogether, if you're looking for a neat co-op game to play, either solo or with friends, Warframe is at least worth a look. Since only frames and weapons are locked behind cash walls, there is pleanty of game content to enjoy here.
game-hours: 1.5
review: awesome  game and its freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
game-hours: 457.6
review: Although at first it's quite difficult to get used to, but once you get past the non-existant tutorial and some clunky wallrunning mechanics, you have a real gem. This game is incredible. It is sci-fi action at it's best, short of mass effect 2. Interesting story with characters they have yet to fully develop and explore. Constantly updating with new weapons, gear and frames, not to mention custom colours, skins & visuals. Gameplay is great, fast-paced with high-flying melee combat. One of the few games that has a realistic dive-shoot mechanic. Some slow-mo, bows, rifles, shotguns, machine guns, swords, shurikens, sniper rifles, pistols, boomerangs. You name a gun, they're probably working on it. But it is certainly not overwhelming. Audio is good, with some blandness, but it's still in beta so expect that to change over time. Solid game modes and character mutation. Features mod cards which alter the abilities of both your warframe and your weapons. Want an increased clip? got it. Need some radioactive arrows? got it. Want your boomerang to have explosive damage? got it. Incredibly deep rpg elements and leveling system. Each gun has it's own level along with each warframe, not to mention rewards for continually logging in. I can't find a real fault at all. Especially conssidering it's free!!!!!
game-hours: 781.9
review: If you like ninjas with guns and have a good 300 hours to spend on a game, this is the one for you.
game-hours: 794.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 9.7
review: Warframe is fun to play.
game-hours: 33.7
review: A must play for all those Shooting and Hack & Slash Fanatics out there. Warframe uses Unbelievable tactics to infiltrate various planets in the system. Earn materials to create items along the way and fight off some massive waves of Grineer.
game-hours: 9.5
review: A lot of effort put into this free game and it's pretty fun
game-hours: 152.8
review: Super rad, poured time into it for no good reason
game-hours: 91.5
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 377.6
review: Of course I do. I spent so many hours playing this game. It's tons of fun :3
game-hours: 26.2
review: The game started off very fun with it having some pretty solid combat but unfortunately that can only get you so far. It ended up being the way of Vindictus, the combat was AMAZING but the content was lacking. All the stages are pretty much the same and it gets extremely repeatative rather quickly. However, for some people it could be something new and fun to play.
game-hours: 168.2
review: What can I say, God damn, this is so cool :)
game-hours: 207.6
review: no thanks
game-hours: 12.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 321.5
review: My god, this game is glorious!
game-hours: 24.4
review: One of te better games available at the moment, It's fun it's free it's big......... It's worth getting an erection for.
game-hours: 674.7
review: very great much killing such grafics WOW
game-hours: 991.2
review: Very grindy, but there's a fun game underneath it all.
game-hours: 3.6
review: nice game..
game-hours: 5.8
review: ayo trill dis some sick  boiiiii
game-hours: 450.0
review: best game i ever played ever thats free...no really
game-hours: 14.0
review: it's cool and all, but it gets repetitive when you grind to level up and the missions are intense too, so you can't enter like a level 5 mission as level 2. gotta grind. which is stupid from the linear maps.
game-hours: 7.8
review: It is a really good game for people who want something free and futuristic
game-hours: 0.2
review: I tried to stomach this game. The videos looked good, they really do look fun. I downloaded, jumped into a game with friends and could not stomach close to 1hour. It really is boring. It does nothing... All you do is go from one room to another swinging your sword around, that is it. Graphics are decent with smooth flowing but that is all it has going for it. Lucky to hell it is free because if this had a price I think I would pull my hair out requesting a refund urgently because it is mind numbingly boring. I suggest leaving it alone, maybe give it ago but then you'll see what I mean. It has no story, most things are buy for better stuff but it all seems to do the same effect, the character moves weird and makes me feel sick a little. Anyway nope not for me.
game-hours: 11.7
review: i had a lot of fun playing this game with friends
game-hours: 0.1
review: P['[''[
game-hours: 158.6
review: A smart and intuitive free to play shooter that gives numerous possibilities of gameplay. Its simple and fun to play, highly recommended for people who like shooters with huge wars in it
game-hours: 37.1
review: won't load and keeps crashing. i would get it though, since its free and alot of people play it. thats just my problem
game-hours: 9.4
review: THIS GAMES IS REALLY WELL MADE HAS LOTS OF CUSTOMISATION AND BEST OF ALL IS FREE. WORKS WITH GAMEPADS AS WELL AS MOUSE AND KEYBOARD REALLY IMPRESSED
game-hours: 19.4
review: awesome !!!
game-hours: 1346.7
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 35.7
review: Fun shooty. I suggest playing it in short burst so it does not become too repetitive.
game-hours: 10.8
review: dis see  cum gud
game-hours: 6.0
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 979.5
review: An enjoyable F2P game. Graphics are pretty good. I had trouble getting it to work initially on my system; required quite a bit of tweaking and googling to get it to run correctly. The biggest problem I had was intense random lag on certain hosts. I mostly played with a friend of mine ~300 miles away and the lag I experienced made the game near unplayable. We both have mid-to-high level internet service and have no problems in other games. Other hosts I joined 4000+ miles away were fine. YMMV.
game-hours: 406.4
review: This is a great and crazy fun game to play. The learning curve is a much at first but once you have a few hour in this game you are hooked. The design and game game is wonderful. The Frames to pick from or obtain offer everyone something speical to them and the style of game play you would enjoy. The dev are always releasing new content and items. I like that this is not a 5 hour game and then on the something else. This game is something you will enjoy for months and never look back. Give it a try and hope to see you in the game. THEGRID
game-hours: 378.1
review: Get this right now or you will never live as a true gamer
game-hours: 54.7
review: Very good quality game for f2p, rather grindy and repetitive but overall fun
game-hours: 15.1
review: Very fun game. There is a few weapons behind a pay wall. That being said you get a great game that I personally never felt pushed into paying anything for. My character never felt weak or wasn't able to keep up or fully participate. Server stability was never an issue. Often times running smoother than games I had paid for. Highly recommened giving it a go.
game-hours: 15.8
review: U better download dis naow or I'll slap u in da face
game-hours: 0.1
review: it sucked
game-hours: 337.1
review: Fun, if you have a friend, otherwise it gets dull pretty qukcly
game-hours: 433.1
review: Great shooter and competitive game great with friends and still offers a good single player experience very fast paced not recommended for those with slower computers.
game-hours: 80.4
review: This game is the pinacle of online co op. While most developers are copying the first person shooter warfame broght back the 3rd person shooter. You are a powered and skilled person in a suit, but it has a realistic sort of element to it. I can't really put my words on it, but you need your team mated in this game. And thats what makes it fun. That you have to work together, protect, and heal each other. Its not just about pressing click, and aiming carelessly. Great things like good xping, story, bosses, and upgrades keep this game refreshing. The visuals also are great for a free to play game. They update, fix, and patch the game consistently. As for any online game it does have bumps here and their, but getting into a game is fast unline most. Definately download this game. I usually don't buy items online, but I bought one to show my little support of how I like these people who keep adding and fixing the game.
game-hours: 3.0
review: I hope this game is not laggy for me
game-hours: 393.3
review: One of the best F2P games i have ever played.
game-hours: 483.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 86.7
review: Warframe is a kinda big game that's Free-To-Play and still keeps the quality of a game that you'd buy. Diverse gameplays on different maps and playstyles for different players. Overall, a pretty fun game!
game-hours: 6.9
review: This is a very fun game Definentlay worth your time!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1338.7
review: Four-player co-operative space ninja third-person-shooter. Of surprisingly high quality for a free-to-play title, but with unsurprisingly pricy boosters. Gameplay has been changing over the course of development, but there's a multitude of weapons to play with, sound gets better, DE is putting their love into development (despite what we say about them) and actively engages the community. Sure, it's a smoothly fit together amalgation of many existing ideas in a way, but Warframe is still one of the better free-to-play shooters around.
game-hours: 121.1
review: Warframe, a game with ninjas in space fighting robots, wierd evolved humans or something and aliens. also you are doing it all without effort in that full body suit that covers your eyes..... so i have no idea how you see, but still it is a great game and i give ot 5/10 for its bugs and glitches and weeks of trying to fix it
game-hours: 3.9
review: +1
game-hours: 329.9
review: One the best 3rd person shooters I've played in along time. Space ninjas with guns what more do you want. The game is still in beta yes but its extremely playable and enjoyable. For a F2P game you really don't need to induluge in mirco-transaction to compete which makes for a pleasent change. Overall 8/10, the game has pleanty of potential left in it for that to change to a 9.
game-hours: 3.4
review: AWSOME
game-hours: 481.0
review: Great blend of action rpg elements
game-hours: 678.6
review: Unrelentingly hard and crafting wait time simulator.... 10/10 Game of the Year
game-hours: 49.7
review: So much fun. Even better with friends tho.
game-hours: 154.8
review: I find this game to be somewhat of an oxymoron. It is centered around the thematic ninja, but is constantly devolving into chaotic button mashing and a screen full of bloom and particles. The game is given to us in the form of a crack A-Team of space-ninjas, but very rarely does one feel like an assassin. The Warframes are cool, and the art design for them is amazing, but some of these abilities are completely hit or miss, and especially in the late game, practically unusable. Enemy hit points are simply too large for some of the games spellslinging frames to be practical. Ability economy is at a low, but at least you can remove them from your frame. The game does do one thing right and that is the progression of equipment and building of new frames is very satisfactory. I cant tell you how desperate I was to complete my Frost. And after you start crafting your preferred frames, you start to enjoy the game much more, but maybe thats because I didnt care much for Excalibur. One of the biggest faults of the game is the annoying maps and the enemies pathing AI that dont want to work with each other, forcing the defense mission in question to be unwinnable. Just something that needs ironing out. Melee combat and movement combos are tones of fun, if not a little sensitive.
game-hours: 79.7
review: Wareframe is a damn good time, get three friends and play till your hearts content. I liked this game so much I've spent money on Warframes and weapons in the Real money market and i dont regret it, if anything its only made the game that much more fun. If you don't have the money to spend you can unlock almost anything just by playing enough. Lots of cool feautres and a solid build.
game-hours: 50.5
review: Very fun game. You get used to what to do. I'd recommend!
game-hours: 1208.9
review: EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 257.1
review: damn good game.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Brilliant, fun, cooperative and plenty of Action.
game-hours: 12.0
review: This is an excellent game and wil recommend it anytime. Also it is free and some excellent in game purchases to help beginners
game-hours: 47.1
review: Really great game. I can't believe it's free to play. It looks awesome, it's fun, and has a cool space ninjas/borderlands feel.
game-hours: 43.7
review: I've played this game on and off for quite some time now, both the PC and PS4 versions. I must say it is a lot of fun. I find myself coming back with wach and every update with more excitement than the last, and I am a founder and have been playing since the second patch.
game-hours: 39.1
review: MAXIMUM PAY TO WIN
game-hours: 7.3
review: top
game-hours: 38.6
review: I like to do the running on walls thing and shoot the aliens in mid-air and have explosions in the background like it's a michael bay movie. I recommend this game if you like shooting stuff.
game-hours: 7.2
review: play warframe its so great best third person shooter ever!
game-hours: 28.2
review: Awesome gameplay, upgrades, graphics, etc.. This game is highly addictive. Thanks to the developers for an awesome experience. :)
game-hours: 33.2
review: yes
game-hours: 1784.8
review: It's a really fun game, with countless hours of replay value and a lot of honest and very entertaining original content!
game-hours: 11.4
review: One of my FAVOURITE STEAM GAME TO PLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PS:THANKS STEAM FOR THIS GAME TO DOWNLOAD
game-hours: 520.5
review: Fun to play with friends
game-hours: 167.0
review: Very nice game but you need a good dedicated GPU to play it and some of the items are very unbalanced
game-hours: 263.8
review: This game is well worth downloading if you're one to play a shooter. The graphics are great, the gameplay is amazing, and the challenge is neverending, creating this amazing game that is ahead of it's time. It's worth paying for this game, even though it's free. It's easy to see this game as a full version, yet it is still in beta. But to put it's gameplay into full gear, the multiplayer aspect is well worth upgrading/buying a more powerful computer if you don't have one already (As I myself am putting money into a good computer to play this game fully.) In short, if you do not have this game already, download it. You won't very well regret it anytime soon.
game-hours: 39.4
review: It... is... free... Why wouldn't you want it?
game-hours: 0.5
review: a bag of
game-hours: 96.8
review: For when you really, really, really feel like you need to run in and lay waste to everything.
game-hours: 19.3
review: If you like blasting enemys and blowing up stuff then this game is for you
game-hours: 49.4
review: Amazing coop fun, with good graphics, an awesome lighting system and even parkour moves in a scifi theme
game-hours: 78.2
review: Players must capture 4 towers, used to intercept data transmissions, and defend them from the enemy. After 100% of the transmission has been decoded, the players must kill all remaining enemies, and are then given an opportunity to extract with an additional reward. Players must wipe out all hostiles in the level, with the number remaining displayed on the upper-left below the minimap. Players must take control of a Grineer Fomorian-class ship core, and lead it through a set of tracks for destruction in deep-space. Introduced in the "Tethra's Doom" event. Players must eliminate an enemy boss unique to the given planet. Said boss usually has much more health and unique abilities and weaponry to distinguish them from common soldiers. Players must find the VIP targets within an enemy ship or stronghold. Once a VIP is located, it must be incapacitated before then being captured. Depending on the difficulty level or level setting, some VIPs are able to fight back or have longer head start to a safe zone where they cannot be captured. After all VIP targets are captured, players must fight their way to extraction.
game-hours: 647.2
review: ADFGAHGHASDFAS thats what i say when i hear warframe 9001/10 its that good
game-hours: 3.8
review: much ninja such fun
game-hours: 25.5
review: I cant run this GAME for some reason it keeps on saying "Update of directX failed''. This sucks
game-hours: 2.7
review: Good Game. Feels like you repeating the same mission over and over though..
game-hours: 136.4
review: Very fun game!
game-hours: 7.8
review: Amazing game friendly players when online! But you will have to get used to the controls lol.....
game-hours: 406.7
review: Spend hundreds of hours killing thousands of enemies. All for a shiny weapon you thought looked nice. 10/10 Would commit mass genocide again
game-hours: 125.3
review: Great but grinding is the only way to get anywhere,and....(Shiver)It has micro-transactions...(Shiver)
game-hours: 345.4
review: This story requires a bit of setup. Last year, a friend of mine whom I'd known from gaming for a long time contacted me and told me about this great new game that was in beta that he was backing as a founder (called a "Grandmaster" in-game) called Warframe. A third person cooperative shooter with elements of Phantasy Star Online/Diablo loot runs, procedurally generated levels, and more content being added all the time. The game was difficult to start, as there are many keys for various secret parkour maneuvers. Running along walls! Sliding down ziplines! Soon, I was completely hooked; my friend and I were playing late into the night, trying to grind out just one more piece necessary to build a new component or weapon, or trying to beat our best time on the Survival missions -- where you fend off an ever growing wave of foes as life support ticks down. Over the year, there were many great victories, hair raising last second escapes, and new friends joining our little group. Many hours were spent joking around with each other on Skype, cracking jokes, blasting weird songs at each other, and coming up with our own stupid little catchphrases. Flash forward a year; Warframe now has space combat, new Warframes, new weapons, and new combat controls. The game still has its original style, but it's so much improved. Last week, our four player regular team developed some incredible strategies that let us get further than we ever had on wave defense missions. The only thing that made us stop was getting tired. On Tuesday, my friend who invited me to the game a year ago didn't show up that night. I found out on Wednesday that he had passed away suddenly from an undiagnosed health condition. The shock of it is still hitting us hard. The friendships that we had formed through the game, gone in an instant. It hardly feels real. I keep expecting him to log in and be there, ready to do another defense mission, and it's difficult to accept that we'll be going it alone now. We contacted Digital Extremes, the company that makes the game, and asked if there was anything we could do. They dedicated their 11/20/2014 episode of their webcast to the memory of our friend and read our memorials to him on the air. Their reactions were heartfelt and touching. They really do listen to and react to the community. I not only recommend the game for how much fun it is (I recommend you play it with a group of friends on voice chat -- up to four per session; your gameplay experience may vary alone, and form a clan or join one just because many items are clan-only), I recommend it for how responsive the game developers are to the community. They constantly improve it and add new content, items, and weapons. There is a storyline that is unfolding. The voice acting is delightful. You could easily play this game without spending a single dollar of real world currency on it (real world currency is used for cosmetics and increasing the number of Warframes and weapons you can own, or buying things that you can't wait for). Thanks, Digital Extremes. And rest in peace, Woxit.
game-hours: 2492.7
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download Warframe 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play Warframe 3) Grind for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself; that's how sure I was that it would work. Edit: A few people are adding me for help on WF. Feel free to add me if you wish, and I'll try my best to accept and answer any questions you may have, but just know I may not have time to play more than a few rounds with you :c Sorry.
game-hours: 516.2
review: first week: its ok Second week: cool game Third week: wow, great game fourth week: 300 hours? this cant be right! fifth week: 430 hours, i have a problem...
game-hours: 523.3
review: they should add skateboards for all the grinding you do
game-hours: 2946.2
review: It's like a real life girlfriend. Only far less expensive and easier to grind.
game-hours: 118.7
review: | Update (24/4/14): It has been a fairly significant chunk of time since I wrote this review of Warframe, and some elements of the game have been expanded upon in ways that alleviate some of the issues I originally had. The premium currency, platinum, can now be traded between players. This provides an option for players who do not wish to put money into the game but want to participate in using the storefront. Users in the comments have pointed out that there are many powerful items which are not available in the store - if you want them, you'll need to grind. Multiple new game modes exist, including "Invasion", a mode which allows players to team up together with the Corpus or the Grineer to work against the opposing faction. This mode gives the player some agency in the kinds of rewards he receives for completing the mission. The latest update introduced Melee 2.0, which delivered improvements to the game's melee combat. The most interesting update comes in the form of Dark Sectors. Clans and alliances can own parts of the Solar System, and can fight for that contested ownership. Clans and Alliances can also set tax and resource requirements on anyone who accesses their conquered territories, leading to territorial battles for supremacy. In conclusion, a decent amount of content has been added to the game. While the core argument of my review holds true, Warframe is finally approaching the level of depth required to elevate itself above a mere grinding game. The new "EVE Online"-esque sector mechanics are particularly promising in that regard. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | Original Review (25/11/13) A great-looking, initially interesting game that feels like one compelling part of what should be a greater whole. Warframe is an interesting entry in the free to play space. It has the looks and the gameplay, but after a while it begins to feel lacking in the way of substance. Gameplay largely involves clearing your way through various missions types as you progress in rank, leveling up your weapons and your Warframe (the game's metaphor for various Classes, each having their own unique abilities, advantages, disadvantages and so on) as you shoot a myriad of alien Grineer, infested hordes, and Corpus robots. Missions range from rescue scenarios where a hostage must be located and escorted to safety, to mobile defense missions where waves of increasingly difficult enemies must be held off as you protect a moving objective. These can all be completed solo, but are made more interesting by grouping up with other players. Higher level missions are tricky by yourself, making teaming up the more attractive proposition. Weapons and Warframes can be augmented with various modifcations that apply the standard Action RPG fare - elemental damage bonuses, increased critical hit damage, faster reload speeds, you name it. This allows for some diversity in gameplay between players, where you may opt to build out your Warframe in a more supportive role, or stock up on mods which provide a more tanky character. So far the game has been well supported with semi-regular content updates and special events, usually in the form of new warframes and weapons, and a "community effort" in which everyone can participate. The only "issue" is that the game is a bit of a grind. In fact, it's a complete grinding game. The main reason for going on missions is in the hopes of accumulating various materials with which to craft the new warframes or weapons. You can use the games "premium" currency to expedite the process of manufacturing said items (which take hours, days of real time to craft) or simply buy them outright from a storefront. Why do you want these new weapons and warframes? To grind more efficiently for materials. This might strike you as a monotonous loop, and to an extent it is, but the joy of the gameplay itself goes a way to allievating the game from being a total bore. Inevitably though you may become tired of the treadmill. The game sometimes feels like it is skirting the boundaries of being gross about its "free to play" nature - you can certainly get almost everything in the game without spending if you're willing to commit to the grind, but it can sometimes feel like game systems are designed to encourage you to give up and bring out your wallet - namely the sheer amount of materials required to craft better equipment, and the time spent waiting for these items to actually be built. It's always questionable when a F2P game includes a long timer alongside a button to make it go away for just a few pounds. Ultimately, if you're just looking for a good looking, nice playing third person shooter with online components and a decent aesthetic, you can do far worse than Warframe. After spending some time with it, however, you might wind up wishing there was a little more to the experience beyond what is currently available.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat Feeling badass flipping off walls and chopping dudes up Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play Might destroy Relationship/Marriage Could cause loss of feeling in  Might cause loss of friends 10/10
game-hours: 401.9
review: I bought a space gun using my space money, i used said gun on space zombies, I casted space magic on said space zombies, then i space ninja'd my way to the space boss, where i used my space parkour and my space sword to space kill him, I then returned to my space ship were i rubbed the space belly of my space dog. Today was a good day.
game-hours: 2944.4
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. And to top it all off, everything that impacts gameplay can be obtained for free. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Start game ---- create an account --- choose warframe --- play game --- kill enemies/rescue buddies/defend a pod/etc --- kill bosses --- open new planets --- rank up --- build new warframe --- find clan --- build new warframe --- farm farm farm --- build new weapon --- farm farm farm --- build new warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build new sentry --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a Kubrow --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a prime weapon --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- build a Prime warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- play the same new event mission x5 --- gain new mods --- polarize weapon --- XP XP XP XP XP --- need credits - T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- NEW UPDATE ---- FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING --- go build arch wing - "No resources" --- farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm - build arch wing *NO CREDITS* --- T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- build archwing *** waits 36 hours*** thats pretty much my experience on Warframe --- 10/10 ---
game-hours: 345.4
review: This story requires a bit of setup. Last year, a friend of mine whom I'd known from gaming for a long time contacted me and told me about this great new game that was in beta that he was backing as a founder (called a "Grandmaster" in-game) called Warframe. A third person cooperative shooter with elements of Phantasy Star Online/Diablo loot runs, procedurally generated levels, and more content being added all the time. The game was difficult to start, as there are many keys for various secret parkour maneuvers. Running along walls! Sliding down ziplines! Soon, I was completely hooked; my friend and I were playing late into the night, trying to grind out just one more piece necessary to build a new component or weapon, or trying to beat our best time on the Survival missions -- where you fend off an ever growing wave of foes as life support ticks down. Over the year, there were many great victories, hair raising last second escapes, and new friends joining our little group. Many hours were spent joking around with each other on Skype, cracking jokes, blasting weird songs at each other, and coming up with our own stupid little catchphrases. Flash forward a year; Warframe now has space combat, new Warframes, new weapons, and new combat controls. The game still has its original style, but it's so much improved. Last week, our four player regular team developed some incredible strategies that let us get further than we ever had on wave defense missions. The only thing that made us stop was getting tired. On Tuesday, my friend who invited me to the game a year ago didn't show up that night. I found out on Wednesday that he had passed away suddenly from an undiagnosed health condition. The shock of it is still hitting us hard. The friendships that we had formed through the game, gone in an instant. It hardly feels real. I keep expecting him to log in and be there, ready to do another defense mission, and it's difficult to accept that we'll be going it alone now. We contacted Digital Extremes, the company that makes the game, and asked if there was anything we could do. They dedicated their 11/20/2014 episode of their webcast to the memory of our friend and read our memorials to him on the air. Their reactions were heartfelt and touching. They really do listen to and react to the community. I not only recommend the game for how much fun it is (I recommend you play it with a group of friends on voice chat -- up to four per session; your gameplay experience may vary alone, and form a clan or join one just because many items are clan-only), I recommend it for how responsive the game developers are to the community. They constantly improve it and add new content, items, and weapons. There is a storyline that is unfolding. The voice acting is delightful. You could easily play this game without spending a single dollar of real world currency on it (real world currency is used for cosmetics and increasing the number of Warframes and weapons you can own, or buying things that you can't wait for). Thanks, Digital Extremes. And rest in peace, Woxit.
game-hours: 2492.7
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download Warframe 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play Warframe 3) Grind for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself; that's how sure I was that it would work. Edit: A few people are adding me for help on WF. Feel free to add me if you wish, and I'll try my best to accept and answer any questions you may have, but just know I may not have time to play more than a few rounds with you :c Sorry.
game-hours: 516.2
review: first week: its ok Second week: cool game Third week: wow, great game fourth week: 300 hours? this cant be right! fifth week: 430 hours, i have a problem...
game-hours: 523.3
review: they should add skateboards for all the grinding you do
game-hours: 2946.2
review: It's like a real life girlfriend. Only far less expensive and easier to grind.
game-hours: 118.7
review: | Update (24/4/14): It has been a fairly significant chunk of time since I wrote this review of Warframe, and some elements of the game have been expanded upon in ways that alleviate some of the issues I originally had. The premium currency, platinum, can now be traded between players. This provides an option for players who do not wish to put money into the game but want to participate in using the storefront. Users in the comments have pointed out that there are many powerful items which are not available in the store - if you want them, you'll need to grind. Multiple new game modes exist, including "Invasion", a mode which allows players to team up together with the Corpus or the Grineer to work against the opposing faction. This mode gives the player some agency in the kinds of rewards he receives for completing the mission. The latest update introduced Melee 2.0, which delivered improvements to the game's melee combat. The most interesting update comes in the form of Dark Sectors. Clans and alliances can own parts of the Solar System, and can fight for that contested ownership. Clans and Alliances can also set tax and resource requirements on anyone who accesses their conquered territories, leading to territorial battles for supremacy. In conclusion, a decent amount of content has been added to the game. While the core argument of my review holds true, Warframe is finally approaching the level of depth required to elevate itself above a mere grinding game. The new "EVE Online"-esque sector mechanics are particularly promising in that regard. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | Original Review (25/11/13) A great-looking, initially interesting game that feels like one compelling part of what should be a greater whole. Warframe is an interesting entry in the free to play space. It has the looks and the gameplay, but after a while it begins to feel lacking in the way of substance. Gameplay largely involves clearing your way through various missions types as you progress in rank, leveling up your weapons and your Warframe (the game's metaphor for various Classes, each having their own unique abilities, advantages, disadvantages and so on) as you shoot a myriad of alien Grineer, infested hordes, and Corpus robots. Missions range from rescue scenarios where a hostage must be located and escorted to safety, to mobile defense missions where waves of increasingly difficult enemies must be held off as you protect a moving objective. These can all be completed solo, but are made more interesting by grouping up with other players. Higher level missions are tricky by yourself, making teaming up the more attractive proposition. Weapons and Warframes can be augmented with various modifcations that apply the standard Action RPG fare - elemental damage bonuses, increased critical hit damage, faster reload speeds, you name it. This allows for some diversity in gameplay between players, where you may opt to build out your Warframe in a more supportive role, or stock up on mods which provide a more tanky character. So far the game has been well supported with semi-regular content updates and special events, usually in the form of new warframes and weapons, and a "community effort" in which everyone can participate. The only "issue" is that the game is a bit of a grind. In fact, it's a complete grinding game. The main reason for going on missions is in the hopes of accumulating various materials with which to craft the new warframes or weapons. You can use the games "premium" currency to expedite the process of manufacturing said items (which take hours, days of real time to craft) or simply buy them outright from a storefront. Why do you want these new weapons and warframes? To grind more efficiently for materials. This might strike you as a monotonous loop, and to an extent it is, but the joy of the gameplay itself goes a way to allievating the game from being a total bore. Inevitably though you may become tired of the treadmill. The game sometimes feels like it is skirting the boundaries of being gross about its "free to play" nature - you can certainly get almost everything in the game without spending if you're willing to commit to the grind, but it can sometimes feel like game systems are designed to encourage you to give up and bring out your wallet - namely the sheer amount of materials required to craft better equipment, and the time spent waiting for these items to actually be built. It's always questionable when a F2P game includes a long timer alongside a button to make it go away for just a few pounds. Ultimately, if you're just looking for a good looking, nice playing third person shooter with online components and a decent aesthetic, you can do far worse than Warframe. After spending some time with it, however, you might wind up wishing there was a little more to the experience beyond what is currently available.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat Feeling badass flipping off walls and chopping dudes up Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play Might destroy Relationship/Marriage Could cause loss of feeling in  Might cause loss of friends 10/10
game-hours: 401.9
review: I bought a space gun using my space money, i used said gun on space zombies, I casted space magic on said space zombies, then i space ninja'd my way to the space boss, where i used my space parkour and my space sword to space kill him, I then returned to my space ship were i rubbed the space belly of my space dog. Today was a good day.
game-hours: 2944.5
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. And to top it all off, everything that impacts gameplay can be obtained for free. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Start game ---- create an account --- choose warframe --- play game --- kill enemies/rescue buddies/defend a pod/etc --- kill bosses --- open new planets --- rank up --- build new warframe --- find clan --- build new warframe --- farm farm farm --- build new weapon --- farm farm farm --- build new warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build new sentry --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a Kubrow --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a prime weapon --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- build a Prime warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- play the same new event mission x5 --- gain new mods --- polarize weapon --- XP XP XP XP XP --- need credits - T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- NEW UPDATE ---- FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING --- go build arch wing - "No resources" --- farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm - build arch wing *NO CREDITS* --- T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- build archwing *** waits 36 hours*** thats pretty much my experience on Warframe --- 10/10 ---
game-hours: 810.2
review: Grind fest. A great way to kill large incriments of time.
game-hours: 258.7
review: BEST GAME FOREVER , LOVE THIS GAME ^.^
game-hours: 0.3
review: i came
game-hours: 27.8
review: Get this game you won't regret it
game-hours: 86.6
review: Great gameplay, fun, action-packed, multyplayer, great to play with friends (4 people party max sucks however) really fun class system i really like and recommend this game
game-hours: 10.6
review: BOOORING the graphics are great but would be better if it was a MMO or an FPS
game-hours: 7.0
review: this game is good if you want to have fun with friends or just seeing what space would be like so if you have many friends on steam this is your game
game-hours: 243.5
review: THE BEAST THIRD PERSON SHOOTER I HAVE EVER PLAYED AND ENJOYED :)
game-hours: 110.2
review: One of the first Steam games I've ever played GOOD -Its a parkour simulator -Good community -Good graphics and gameplay -Variety of warframes and guns -Continious updates -Challanging missions -NOT a P2W BAD -Bit hard to grind -Platinium is needed for some guns etc (for fast unlocks) 9.5/10 Play it
game-hours: 46.6
review: great parkour
game-hours: 10.8
review: Like the gameplay and all but only thing that bored me a bit was that everything was to mechanical, maybe i didnt get far enough yet but so far all maps seem identical and gloomy.
game-hours: 77.0
review: WARNING! THIS GAME IS LIFE RUINING! +F2P +Great Graphics +Awesome Gameplay -P2W (Pay To Win) +Addicting +Cool Crafting System This game is great. You will be hooked the momment it downloads. Destiny copied a high amount of things from this game.
game-hours: 284.4
review: EPIC Game being a assassin and a hunter and killer preety good iz gud play it naow or die in hole like Mine
game-hours: 178.0
review: You play as an alien that is fighting against humans that are fighting against other aliens that are fighting against some sort of zombies. LOVE IT!
game-hours: 8.7
review: its aiiiiight 10/10 Review: At first I was like ewww second day: wow its pretty good third day: omg its amazing fourth day: OMFG THIS GAME IS BEAST! I may never see the sun again =(
game-hours: 53.9
review: i have nothing bad say on this game very good gameplay,grafic is the most beatiful in f2p game i have ever seen if you play single then you will quickly start boring
game-hours: 25.8
review: Love it, but it's so beefy and big it lags the crap out of me; enough that I cant do the cipher challenges to turn off alarms. Thats the only thing I say thats negative. My friend Xerel has a PS4 and says the lag is gone on it, so its probably just my crappy computer. (He has a $1000 laptop and has lik no lag)
game-hours: 24.0
review: 4.1 / 5 24 hours logged in 2 weeks. I didn't give it 5 stars because it's not a free to play game. It's a free to play demo. The quality is preemo but the development costs must be paid somehow which means you are going to have to invest some money if you want to keep enjoying this game. The 'demo' version gets a bit repeaditive and I personally need some more convincing as to the glory that 'Platinum' can unlock. I put some pretty good farm time in but the rewards lacked luster. If you aren't afraid to spend some money on a game then this one could offer some great co-op fragging but if you are looking for free to play don't expend to stay engaged for that long.
game-hours: 17.8
review: Ok game would play agaibnba
game-hours: 6.9
review: sucks.
game-hours: 1.5
review: It's allright i guess...
game-hours: 92.4
review: Very good game Great EXP system and OP weapons everywhere to be found
game-hours: 96.9
review: ninjas, farming, intense times, sums up the game and if you play for a while you'll get hooked major downside is you could say pay to win depending on your perspective
game-hours: 273.8
review: Best free game evar :D
game-hours: 142.3
review: It smells like pizza
game-hours: 12.0
review: It is about space ninja assasins from tron with super powers. Nuff said.
game-hours: 22.9
review: good game for poor ers like Wa0xInFinate
game-hours: 358.7
review: I like this game. Don't like the bugs though.
game-hours: 1023.5
review: Best Free to play on Steam in my oppinion! If you like feeling Bad A**, then get this game!
game-hours: 1963.2
review: this game is the best out of 2014 and i give it a 10 of 10 it is eating my hole life :(
game-hours: 3.3
review: Very fun game but also can be confusing for new players, it doesn't go into much detail about the crafting system as well as abilities.
game-hours: 2.3
review: Cool game
game-hours: 17.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1387.8
review: Played it for a little. Okay game I guess.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Brillaint Free To Play
game-hours: 2.2
review: buggy  game gave me aids
game-hours: 134.3
review: great game at start things start to get boring after 300+(played 200+ house before connecting my warframe account to steam) hours of endless farming to get items that you want but the first 100 hours are amazing. the new contents added every update are really fun and if you are the type who like farming for items, warframe is one of the best games for you. new prime gears and new warframes every major updates or some of the sub updates give an additional 20-50 hours to farm all the items so if you wait patiently for the updates, warframe could be a never ending fun for you. i've quit warframe now but i still enjoyed the hours that i've played in warframe. its a great game to get and i also reccommend buying platinum just for weapon and warframe slots.
game-hours: 46.4
review: this is a really good game to play with frieands
game-hours: 563.7
review: Very addicting.
game-hours: 138.5
review: This reminds me of the coming of the guy.
game-hours: 1317.1
review: It's free and fun.
game-hours: 297.6
review: Basically Space Ninjas. This game is tons of fun not to mention 100% free to play sure it has microtransactions but thats only if you want to get things the easy way. Almost everything on the store can be obtained by playing the actual game. If you enjoy fast paced coop alien killing gameplay you should totally play this game...or not im a Nova not a cop.
game-hours: 119.0
review: One of the best Co-op game i've played so far
game-hours: 470.0
review: pros 1. fun game 2. no pay required cons 1. Grind+farm 2. Farm+grind 3. Bad connection to host = painful gameplay
game-hours: 215.8
review: This game is F*cking amazing like really i recommend the F*cks out of this...
game-hours: 115.0
review: Good: -Love the artstyle of the game, reminds me of mass effect and halo series. -Gameplay is fun and satisfying slice enemies in two or unleash unique powers on your enemies! -Tons of ways to modify your character with mod cards that add new effects to your weapons and your warframe. -You can earn everything in the game for free if you dont mind waiting ALOT except for cosmetic items. -Game is hosted by whoever creates the party so you can use this to your advantage and if you do happen to get a bad or slow host the enemies lag and slow, not you so it doesnt penalize you. -Tons of weapons to choose from ranging anywhere from Assault Rifles, shotguns, sniper rifles, pistols, throwing knifes, and tons of unique plasma and laser weapons(puts call of duty weapon choices to a shame.) -Tons of Melee weapon choices to choose from all unique in their own way ranging from greatswords, duel wielding swords, huge hammers, throwing glaives that bounce around enemies, axes, you name it its in it. Bad: -Overpriced real money to game value ratio of items(15 dollars for a color pack!!!!! yea its dumb) -Start with limited colors to decorate your warframe and weapons with no other way to get colors other than real money. -The crafting times on blueprints of weapons warframes and sentinel pets are REDICULOUS, weapons take 12-24 hours REAL TIME to complete and warframes take 3 days 12 hours(yeah its pretty insane, I can see why a lot of people give up playing soon.) -Very slow paced at the beginning due to the horrendous crafting system with very limited weapons/warframes. -Feels as if this game belongs on Facebook due to all the crafting wait time restrictions witch are pointless. -Repetive reworks of art in the levels and enemies and a few glitches here and there. MY RATING: 7/10 IF they got rid of the horrendous wait time on the crafting system and lowered their prices a bit more people would have the patience to stick around the game, if you look past that it truly is a crown jewel of a game.
game-hours: 143.9
review: If fast-paced, third person shooters is something that you like then I definantly recommend this game. The graphics aren't really too straining on a decent system and look pretty well even on lower settings. The gameplay itself invites you to combat disfigured marines, diabolical machines and even infected, zombie-like monsters as a honorable space ninja known as the Tenno. Each mission is 4-player co-op with additional versus missions that allow players to battle by restricting their gear's overall rank. These missions are very fast-paced and have some variety but I would like to see more. Defense, survival, capture, rescue, mobile defense, exterminate and assassination are the game types with there being on assassination mission per planet that includes a boss from one of the factions. Where most of the enjoyment comes in is when you are leveling your gear. The game's crafting and leveling systems feel so rewarding when you reach that final goal. It is really what keeps you going that extra match each time. I give the game an overall 8/10 hoping they add more variety to the mission options in future updates which are currently being released at a steady pace by the game's developer.
game-hours: 159.0
review: this game is amazing. a free to play game that is on par with many pay to play games. the content is so dynamic with missions often being on random maps that change when you repeat the same mission. its so much fun to play a shooter where the map is ever changing.
game-hours: 15.8
review: it is a good fast paced game
game-hours: 805.9
review: by far the best free to play on the steam market
game-hours: 1.6
review: This game is simply amazing. And free to play too! The basic gameplay is free It's amazing i recommend for all who wants to play fps game.
game-hours: 208.6
review: The dev team on this game must really love their jobs because this game is beautifu.
game-hours: 248.1
review: Ver y fun once you get the hang of it
game-hours: 143.2
review: A fun broken piece of  that sometimes works Don't play unless you have a load of patience because you won't want to stop playing, even if it doesn't work properly half the time 10/10
game-hours: 1107.3
review: Great game try it its free meta score is totally bs would rate it a 7.5 out of 10 most fair ingame shop only problems to me is that game can get grindy.
game-hours: 0.4
review: good free game.
game-hours: 638.0
review: The game is very much dependant on RNG. At first it is fun since you are a parkouring ninja filling enemies with lead but after a while it begins to lose it's luster. 6/10 Decent but there is certainly room for improvement. *edit 09/14/2014 - DE has been pumping out updates on a pretty regular basis and applying hotfixes pretty quickly as well as actually responding to the community. Good dev bonus - +2 Verdict - 8/10
game-hours: 36.0
review: Space Ninjas.
game-hours: 146.6
review: I started playing this thinking it was pay to win but it actually turned out to be pretty easy to get in game items with credits.
game-hours: 19.1
review: wow
game-hours: 727.7
review: Awesome game :)
game-hours: 599.3
review: Love it!
game-hours: 1.1
review: The video says it all.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Best game ever created
game-hours: 2681.5
review: Two main things I like about this game: First, of all those things in the trailers, I saw precisely one thing you can't actually do in game; it was when Loki stabbed two enemies at once, and if the Devs follow through with their promises, that might be possible by the next major update. Second, since the trading system's implementation, there is literally nothing in the game that you can't get as a f2p player (which I am). Paying helps, but hard work will get you farther than any amount of cash. In terms of originality, it seems like the developers had never played another video game in their lives. It's often hard to find games that aren't influenced by Star Wars, Halo, or other successful franchises these days, but this is one of those few. Overall, great game, and I wish more games were like this.
game-hours: 632.7
review: Great quality, both in the graphics and gameplay department. Great variety of play styles, a bit grindy but an overall great experience, recommended.
game-hours: 44.9
review: a great game for players who are bored and seek action and a few challenges
game-hours: 12.3
review: interesting game! :D
game-hours: 539.3
review: A game about space ninja's. Please ignore.
game-hours: 8.1
review: This game is truly an amazing space age kinda game. I love it for it's customization and gameplay techniques. c:
game-hours: 35.7
review: Fun shooty. I suggest playing it in short burst so it does not become too repetitive.
game-hours: 10.8
review: dis see  cum gud
game-hours: 6.0
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 979.5
review: An enjoyable F2P game. Graphics are pretty good. I had trouble getting it to work initially on my system; required quite a bit of tweaking and googling to get it to run correctly. The biggest problem I had was intense random lag on certain hosts. I mostly played with a friend of mine ~300 miles away and the lag I experienced made the game near unplayable. We both have mid-to-high level internet service and have no problems in other games. Other hosts I joined 4000+ miles away were fine. YMMV.
game-hours: 406.4
review: This is a great and crazy fun game to play. The learning curve is a much at first but once you have a few hour in this game you are hooked. The design and game game is wonderful. The Frames to pick from or obtain offer everyone something speical to them and the style of game play you would enjoy. The dev are always releasing new content and items. I like that this is not a 5 hour game and then on the something else. This game is something you will enjoy for months and never look back. Give it a try and hope to see you in the game. THEGRID
game-hours: 378.1
review: Get this right now or you will never live as a true gamer
game-hours: 15.2
review: It's a fun game to play but unfortunately with out putting a bit of money into it it can get boring and repetitive fast.
game-hours: 34.7
review: as free to play games go this game has given me hours of enjoyment i do think that this is one of my favorit games and i would deffently recommend it to anyone wanting to play a good game.
game-hours: 128.7
review: I'm about 10 hours in by this review and I can say so far that- especially for a free-to-play- Warframe's a blast. The controls are smooth and have a great learning curve while combat's generally fun and varied. Unlike other free-to-plays (I'm looking at YOU, BLACKLIGHT: RETRIBUTION!!!), taking the high road of not using real-world currency to purchase items doesn't leave you in the dust; it takes longer to purchase weapons, but not outlandishly-so. Instead there's a rewarding feeling when you finally grab that beauty of a bow after so many playthroughs. The only thing so far that bugs me is the repetition, which the game's got too much of. By the time it's reached a final product new missions should likely become a big part of it to add a little variety to the grind, but so far I'm pretty happy with how development's coming for it.
game-hours: 1049.6
review: I highly recommend this game if you like crafting and collecting matearials with a side of a shooter/ninja
game-hours: 7.9
review: ** * ** ** ! ** ** ** ** ! * * **  !
game-hours: 446.7
review: Meh... JK, you guys should really try it =)
game-hours: 91.4
review: Warframe is a great game. Just because it has a lot of platinum stuff in the shop doesn't mean you have to spend money.(platinum being the special currency bought with real money) you can use credits to buy blueprints and CRAFT the items no need to spend money it makes the game a lot better when you have to work for all your new guns etc.
game-hours: 106.3
review: This game is very fun to play it has lots of different levels and its even better with friends
game-hours: 359.0
review: Very good game ...
game-hours: 466.0
review: Great Co-op game with nice looking graphics. Good community and awesome Devs. Not pay2win at all and if anyone says that they haven't played the game at all. This game can be won without paying a single cent. Of course if you want to pay for colours or attachments then it would require platinum.
game-hours: 3.2
review: Is alright, 6/10
game-hours: 1.2
review: XYNTA
game-hours: 0.1
review: Need to create another account to play.
game-hours: 6.9
review: A fun take on modern first person shooters. Who hasn't wanted to be a ninja... in space?
game-hours: 6.7
review: tradeing a unused giftcard that i got when i bught a new grafiks card, its on 75 us dollars ( 50 euro ) trading it for ether the game saints row the third or gta episodes from liberty city ( or both if possible. the card have a code on it that you scratch away with a coin or so and is not "opend" ( scratched away ) if youre intrested take contact with me on steam or instagram whear i can take a picture and show it to you that it is not yet open or used. it also works for the games , neverwinter and marvel heroes.
game-hours: 1.4
review: boring...
game-hours: 812.3
review: Warframe is Mass Effect's gameplay combined with Halo's versatility meshed together with Left 4 Dead 2's cooperative teamwork. This game is the epitamy of F2P games in my opinion with a very good model. Anything that you can buy with real money can be acquired in game for free, and the best equipment cannot be bought at all. This game is easily my favorite one to play and I highly recommend you try it out.
game-hours: 691.7
review: Amazing don't let the trailer fool you this game is a 3rd person sifi shooter and it is the best game I have played in a loooong time!!!! Enjoy every hour of it, pick it up!! ~Side note~ Ive now played about 400 hours of this game and it is totally worth it. There is pets now too! 10/10
game-hours: 9.0
review: Awesome alien-slaughtering action!!!
game-hours: 10.5
review: Yes.
game-hours: 413.3
review: This is an incredible game. Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal.Ultimately, if you're just looking for a good looking, nice playing third person shooter with online components and a decent aesthetic, you can do far worse than Warframe
game-hours: 93.5
review: A very good game... ...until DE ruined it by constantly adding new weapons to keep high-levels fed. But give it a try! Its awesome and filled with good gameplay AND good lore.
game-hours: 168.9
review: this game is amazing it has good graphics even though it gets no lagg on the worst computer the fighting in the game is good and so is every thing else DOWLOAD THIS GAME
game-hours: 23.9
review: one of the best games i have ever played, honestly i am surprised that this is a free to play game. everything can be earned for free by building them using blueprints or you can spend alot of money on an ingame currency called platinum and buy everything that you want...but that would be exspensive. being a free game they have to make money somehow. i would highly reccomend getting this game if you have a good computer or check it out for free on the playstation 4 aswell
game-hours: 972.9
review: Bawsome
game-hours: 413.4
review: WHAT MORE CAN YOU SAY BUT : MUST DOWNLOAD - MUST PLAY- BEST F2P ;3
game-hours: 29.3
review: amazing game, but be prapared for lag if your on a lower end system
game-hours: 32.0
review: Warframe was a different game for me. I usually don't play online third person shooters or any online shooter for that matter. The game had a interesting setup, I liked the fact that this game has a lot of customization on weapons. However the game has quite a few issues. First of all this game is heavy pay to win. Crafting in this game takes a lot of time (12 hours for weapons) and a lot of credits (in game currency). However people who pay for the game can just buy these weapons from the start. People who pay can also buy additional warframes from the start, which have to be crafted (it is very difficult to do) by non paying members. Non paying members are also limited in even the basic colors of their warframe. They are only given a tiny fraction of colors (That didn't include black which bothered me since its one of my favorite colors) that are honestly not that good with the exception of a few. As for gameplay itself it seemed to have good mechanics, I liked the fact that you can beat a level with stealth to avoid fighting masses of enemies (best done solo with loki warframe). Weapon balance seemed good. Combat is fast paced, fluid, and full of action. Live action and several different ways to use melee attacks along with awesome jumps had me, at times, just messing around with the controls for fun. The game feels kind of disconnected between players though. Throughout my time playing this game very few players would talk to me, and honestly there wasn't much to talk about. The game also has very repetetive maps. While I understand making a unique map for every single level would be impossible, throughout my time playing I only saw three maps. An underground cave, a base on a icy planet, and a warship. The individual sections are also repetitive. By one or two playthroughs of each map you will have seen almost every section there is. It would be nice to see a unique design for every world, which I think is possible. The missions themselves are highly repetative. I found myself doing the same thing over and over again with few alterations. Some new mission types should be added to the game to curb its repetetive feel. In the end, if you are going to play this game as a dedicated player, be ready to fork out some money because my f2p run of this game had me leaving by the time I finished mars. Some improvments that I think would help the game: Create at least three unique maps for each world, get a world chat lobby to connect the players a little more, make demos for weapons so we know what the gun is like before we go through the trouble of getting them, and add some new missions to make the game less repetetive. Well there is my review
game-hours: 18.2
review: Very fun! Kind of confusing at first, but once you know what you are doing it is awesome!
game-hours: 747.3
review: I have played Warframe alot and I can tell you that if you like shooters you will love this game. Most free to play games I have played are really bad or are pay to win but Warframe is not. Warframe has a system were if you want to pay to get things quicker you can but almost everything that you can pay to get you can get without spending anything and the stuff you do have to pay for are mostly cometic. Warframe's combat system is very good and fun to play with becuase there is a weapon or tool for almost every play style out there. The people who make Warframe seem to care very much about there game and what people think of it and have a content update every week and a big update every few weeks. One thing I wish warframe had more of is story and I think that that is pretty much the only thing that is lacking in Warframe but do not worry because the devs are making meny updates to the story and lore. Warframe is a very fun and very well made game and I think that if you like shooters you will love this game.
game-hours: 104.5
review: The upsides are simple: This game's aesthetic is amazing; Tenno look cool, everything they do looks cool, player actions and stuff are cool, and dome helmets. The story is ambiguous enough to be open to whatever player's interpretive powers might allow and it doesn't get in the way. You have guns and you shoot things, you have swords and you hit things. Navigation is almost never an issue and teamwork is smooth and easy. Pace is generally pretty fast and thus things don't get stale as quickly. The downsides are also simple: Buggy as hell. This being free to play, everything that isn't 'basic XY or Z' costs dollars or a lot of time, especially aesthetic stuff. Grinding is not too bad but still present. Networking can be awful at times, and occasionally nonexistant. Teamwork is not a necessity, having a team is, as the game doesn't seem to be balanced even remotely for less than the typical complement of 4 players without being laughably easy.
game-hours: 916.7
review: Great fun game!!!
game-hours: 1243.1
review: Very easy game to play, if you ignore all the grinding and damage calculations. And grinding. And endless grinding... But it's a very fun game, mixes shooter with parkour-ish mechanics.
game-hours: 71.9
review: This is hands down one of the most addicting games I've played in a long time. 20 minutes turns into 5 hours easy. You won't be disappointed
game-hours: 9.6
review: First i would like to thank the Dev's for their beautifull hard work on this game. i started this game when it came out and it was .. MEh.... fun and fast paced but repetitive and boring after a few games. since then, the Dev's have been hard working, every single update they did closed their flaws, optimised and unplayable game, braught it to an extreme content Filled World, remade the UI braught thousands of bonus to player, and even after the game was branded ''Pay to Win'' after a few updates it felt as if it was already a thing of the past. if you feel like playing a game that is. - Fast Paced. - Encourage either full out assault AND Stealth. - single and Multiplayer experience. - Challenging gameplay (hard to master) - hundreds of weapon. - Full crafting system. - Unlimited Replay - Dozens of character to play with and Unlock - a good community and the best of all, Dev's that freakin listen to player :P this game will be for you, and for those who say the game is missing stuff or not to your liking, tell the dev's and stay patient, i've never seen anything not getting fixed since the start of this game !! Have fun and see you inside Tenno :D
game-hours: 5.4
review: 9.5/10 - IGN It's okay
game-hours: 325.6
review: 243 hours in and I still can't stop playing. My recommendation for newer players is to get the Dual Zorens. MY WOOSH WILL PIERCE THE SKY
game-hours: 267.3
review: Fun mature action-adventure instance-based MMO. The way mods, artifacts, weapons, powers, and pets are used upgraded and synergize is very complex and rewarding. Things like mods actually make a very large and noticable effect on the way you play the game. This combined with twenty different frames and dozens of weapons makes for a very diverse game. Warning: public matches are ok for the first few hours of gameplay. but a friend or three is crucial for enjoying the mid to late game. Grinding can be a thing occasionally. Consider joining a clan.
game-hours: 9.5
review: its amazing
game-hours: 1938.2
review: 1,526 Hours Spent on this game. That with a job, and with school. It's that good. Get it.
game-hours: 565.3
review: Extremely fun and addictive a little bugs here and their but the developpers know what their doing and even have so fun little livestreams about updates and stuff which also gives you a chance to win a draw
game-hours: 1280.2
review: 8/8 was gr8 m8 - IGN
game-hours: 21.3
review: i love this game its so fun and it keeps updating so the gameplay is always good
game-hours: 928.2
review: umyaprettymuch
game-hours: 607.0
review: Holy  balls so ing fun get it now
game-hours: 24.0
review: made me a real robot 8/8
game-hours: 41.7
review: ur ninja in space, can it b mor awsom? nop
game-hours: 312.2
review: metal gear solid YES!!! naruto YES!!! bleach YES!!! (masked and sword everwhere) avatar YES!!! starwars YES!!! lag yes...sometimes when the host suck BUT NO BIG DEAL all the AI also freezeing (freehit) F2P YES!!!
game-hours: 483.7
review: Grind fest.
game-hours: 225.3
review: I really love the game and the diversity you can experience. Although I do believe they should lower the time to make things. Warframes take 3 days to make by themselves not to mention the 12 hours for each part. Other than the building times this game is very fun and I hope it can bring alot more warframes into the mix even though it already has so many.
game-hours: 412.7
review: Frankly the longer I pay this game the more I cannot believe it is free. Now believe me, I hate to say that because of the risk of it becoming something other than free, but this game has some serious high points. FIrst off, the game is beautifully rendered. The combat is very smooth and easy to pick up, even if you are just beginning. As you progress you become more and more aware of the acrobatic aspect of the game. This coupled with the different combat options makes for a truly interesting experience.
game-hours: 2772.8
review: Best online co-op i've ever played.
game-hours: 53.5
review: Slow at first, but when you get into it, its a whole new experience!!!
game-hours: 8.3
review: Kinda fun to play, with friends or not, but it takes way too long to get any good items if you don't want to pay any money. Like me.
game-hours: 246.0
review: Needs to be Nvidia compatible...
game-hours: 877.4
review: It's a good game geted the kills i needed but they will pay for their useles lifes
game-hours: 545.3
review: If you are having second thoughts on weather you should get this game, let me end it for you by saying that you should. Everything about this game is extremely fun and entirely possible for any player. Yes you can spend money to get things such as weapons or warframes, but the only things you have to spend money on are completely cosmetic things such as colors and scarves. Yes, you will have to grind to get things in this, but if you have friends to play this with, or take every combat situation as something new, it doesn't even feel like grinding, it feels like playing and like fun. And even though the mission have limited types, the amazing devolopers are always adding new things to keep the game fresh and new. Even if they didn't though, a mission could change completely based on what Lotus (your contact on everything going on) thinks you should do, or your own actions on other missions. And then there are weapons you can only get if your in a clan. You can still get them even if you don't get into a huge and powerful clan. I know this because I am in a clan with one other active player, and have 2/3 of the weapons and warframes researched. Trust me when I say it, you will love this game. Just look at my hours on it. Hell, I'll even help you out if you need it, just message me. See you in the stars, Tenno.
game-hours: 0.5
review: If you like "pay to wins" or generic sci-fi... This game is barely for you.
game-hours: 2.3
review: Its a ing farming game... Hours and hours of gameplay just to level up. Great'
game-hours: 181.9
review: amazing game, albeit pay to win.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Insanely addictive and very unique.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Its just great
game-hours: 371.5
review: You! Yeah you! I see you sitting in that chair, looking at this game and thinking "Whoa, parkour space ninjas and sci-fi guns? Awesome! .... but wait.. oh F__K, it's Free to play." Have no fear distrought gamer, for, and I know you won't believe me at first, but this game IS FREE TO PLAY. AS IN FREE. NO MONEY NEEDED. YES, THESE CAPS ARE NECESSARY. .... Anyways, like I said, "no money needed." So, for all of us penniless gamers out there, (myslef included), this is great news. BUT, for any of you rich kids who wanna just "throw money at the best stuff in the game".... sorry, but your precious money won't work this time... matter of fact, the best stuff in the game, (The prime items) can only be built from actually PLAYING THE GAME. So, I know what you're thinking: "Yeah, that's pretty cool, but you can't fool me! I know there's a catch!" .. Well, you'd be right... there is a catch... When you first pick up that MK. 1 gear, and the oh so community-loved Skana, you'd better pack a couple cows and a county of chickens with ya, cause you'll be FARMING. I mean farming so hard, corn might come outta the screen. You simply have to FARM FARM FARM to get the gear you'll want. Is this bad? To some... yes. BUT, it's a surefire way of getting what you need, so whether that's a pro or con is yours to decide. So, final wrap up... oh, and thanks for reading this "essay" by the way.... guess that 5th grade English class comes in handy sometimes.... ANYWAYS... Final wrap up, is Warframe good? YES. Is it fun? YES. SO fun, in fact, you might find yourself playing this game past "Tenno-clock". All puns aside though, at the very least, it's worth the download, so why not take up the cause and join in the fun of this "Sliding simulator 2013"? Seriously though, downlaod it, play it, live it. And have fun. Peace.
game-hours: 300.0
review: Warframe is a fun game, but it gets very redundant (repetitive) very quickly. Don't take this the wrong way, graphics are cool and it doesn't lag my bad computer. Some tasks get repetitive though, repeating the same mission to get a part for a weapon blah, blah blah. It's still fun, even for newcomers. 7/10 Would Play Again
game-hours: 17.1
review: i do recommend this but there is a bug taht bans u for no reason but it happens rarely so dw this game is totally awesoem and the addition of the kubrow makes it much more fun
game-hours: 102.7
review: Fun game, at times, farming is rough but other than that it's pretty awesome.
game-hours: 1317.8
review: Hell yes.
game-hours: 743.6
review: Finally, a grinding game that's actually fun. Oh, and the devs are awesome too.
game-hours: 169.5
review: Pretty good. It is pay to get better wepons but the wepons they give u at the start are not horrible. You can just upgrade ur default weps the make em as good as the others.
game-hours: 484.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 102.5
review: This unique F2P game is one of the best PC games out there. It has a very nice system of parkour, combat, and other things. And the updates come out at a rather frequent rate, always giving you more, and looking forward to more. The one thing that I dont like is the secondary currency of Platinum, which can only be bought through real-world money. But you can get up to 50% off discounts just by playing the game. And it is not at all pay-to-win. You can progress easily through the game if you really want to. Platinum just makes it to where you can get a jump across some obstacles. Everything is can be accesed, and nothing seems to be Platinum exclusive. 9.5/10 stars. I really recommend this game!
game-hours: 534.1
review: Do it.
game-hours: 15.4
review: i love warframe
game-hours: 3.4
review: word up
game-hours: 245.8
review: Addicting and fun but maybe be boring after u have done everything.Great game though :D
game-hours: 21.2
review: 0/10 best game ever
game-hours: 433.4
review: LOOKS SO AWESOME
game-hours: 142.5
review: Its awsome...trust me its ninjas in space running on walls IN SPACE! killing zambies and robots in SPACE while a NINJA its good trust me dont be a hater)
game-hours: 79.6
review: Love this game.The fun of seeing yourself improve in this game is just exicting.And for free you just cant not say this is the worst game in history,its even free for Playstation 4.
game-hours: 80.5
review: Ninjas in Space
game-hours: 42.0
review: It has stuff in it so it's good. Hope this review was helpful.
game-hours: 69.8
review: games awesome. not pay to win.
game-hours: 406.4
review: the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 967.3
review: Recommend you play with a group of friends, otherwise this game is going to be a nightmare. Best friendly co-op game I seen so far. Has potential.
game-hours: 43.1
review: its a great game really enjoyed because it was f2p
game-hours: 199.7
review: farming simulator
game-hours: 2.2
review: This game is soooo totally next-gen. The graphics are awesome, the gameplay rocks. What else can I say?
game-hours: 1.4
review: boring...
game-hours: 812.3
review: Warframe is Mass Effect's gameplay combined with Halo's versatility meshed together with Left 4 Dead 2's cooperative teamwork. This game is the epitamy of F2P games in my opinion with a very good model. Anything that you can buy with real money can be acquired in game for free, and the best equipment cannot be bought at all. This game is easily my favorite one to play and I highly recommend you try it out.
game-hours: 6.7
review: This is a awesome game!!!
game-hours: 453.4
review: Probably one of my most favorite games ever.
game-hours: 115.7
review: Very repetitive and slow, it feels like an iPhone game with all the waiting to do with crafting. A pay to win game, as getting credits and new Warframes takes a tremendous amount of time and grinding.
game-hours: 0.0
review: 21:10 - z.x.t.: how's this game? 21:10 - z.x.t.: like blacklight ? 21:11 - Supa : no 21:11 - Supa : its like 21:11 - Supa : coop 21:11 - Supa : 3rd person 21:11 - Supa : raids 21:11 - Supa : 4 player 21:11 - Supa : collect items 21:11 - z.x.t.: ewwww, sounds like new game defiance 21:11 - Supa : lvl char 21:11 - Supa : weps 21:11 - Supa : modify char 21:11 - Supa : weps 21:11 - Supa : thats about it 21:11 - z.x.t.: and what about microtransaction model? 21:11 - Supa : not really paytowin 21:11 - Supa : you can crafta nything anyway 21:12 - z.x.t.: well, sounds interesting enough to grip me 21:12 - z.x.t.: maybe i try it later 21:12 - z.x.t.: hell, maybe we can even play together :D 21:12 - Supa : :D:D:D:D:D 21:12 - Supa : no. 21:12 - z.x.t.: ;_;
game-hours: 155.6
review: Great game and very addicting but they have to stop making it pay to win just get money for making stuff that doesn't disturb me
game-hours: 52.1
review: This game is very fun to play with your friends. A bit like Borderlands but less randomness and more tactics . (I prefer Borderlands :P ) The diffrent missions can be completed in diffrent ways . You can either come in all guns blazing or do the entire mission by stealth, using only your sword. After the first missions you might be a bit bored but after a few hours , when you have customized your character to make it personal , you have an arenal that your pleased with , and when you leave mercury (because you are always stuck on spaceships/Earth and the other planets are more beautiful to play in ), the game will progressively be more fun. At some point (when you are a reasonable lvl) you can raid and do instances , online with random players or just your friends... The Mod system (you mod your weapons so they become stronger) is very confusing for begginers but after a while you will get the hang of it , and it's preeety dope.. I recommend this game to everyone .
game-hours: 110.7
review: a very well made game, suprisingly made by a small dev team but has become widely recognized to the point of a console release which is a great feat (even if it is download only) great game and more stuff being added to it
game-hours: 42.1
review: It's a fun and beautiful game but the only problems are: it's FTP which means micro transactions, said purchaseable items are needed for the more difficult levels as free items are weak or take forever to acquire, you need to level EVERY NEW WEAPON YOU ACQUIRE, there will be areas or missions where you will NEED a full team. Play when you have nothing else to play or do.
game-hours: 263.7
review: Really fun game you could play it for days without geting board. Practly endless replay ability. Good bosses, crafting system, dojos, and drop system.
game-hours: 0.4
review: pretty fun
game-hours: 23.0
review: prrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!
game-hours: 5.1
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 23.5
review: Beautiful game that should set itself as an example of what's to come into the future of first-person shooter MMORPGs, Warframe blends superb graphics, great controls, a startling concept with an interesting backstory, and hella rad gameplay to provide a good time-sink and good game for all. Try it, and you will not regret a single thing. Also: Did I mention it's a free-to-play with minimal forcefulness in microtransactions?
game-hours: 8.0
review: sure
game-hours: 681.2
review: very asem engin dewelopment and a fun game to play moltitplare
game-hours: 466.0
review: Great Co-op game with nice looking graphics. Good community and awesome Devs. Not pay2win at all and if anyone says that they haven't played the game at all. This game can be won without paying a single cent. Of course if you want to pay for colours or attachments then it would require platinum.
game-hours: 6.0
review: Game is fun! Love it, a must play free to play game. Can't really put my finger on it but well its a well worth game! Try it out! You won't regret it.
game-hours: 73.0
review: Tenno Tenno Tenno Tenno Pros - Tenno - Grind to Grind More - Diverse Warframes - Interesting Enemies - Parkour - Asian Architecture Cons - Level Design is very repetitve - Some levels include decent puzzles and hallways - Gunplay feels bland Warframe is an interesting tale, it is Destiny before Destiny. It is a literal grinding simulator. You grind items to grind for more items. It really is an interesting and fun game. The Warframes (Your Character) have different playstyles and abilities to them and they can be fun to play around with. The majority of the game is spent doing Tower Missions or Derelict Missions, which, though fun, are incredibly limited in direction and design and get very bland after you do them once or twice. Tower Missions are a bit more diverse than Derelict Missions, but they are still very bland. The game could use one thing to make it much better, and that one thing is honestly more Parkour Options, I love the Parkour in this game, it makes my  hard, only thing that would make it harder is more Parkour. 7/10 - Good Fun with friends, but it can get pretty damn bland.
game-hours: 3.6
review: I completely admite this game, although I do not enjoy the multiplayer. I always have to 3-4 minutes for one person to catch up in order for us to complete the mission.
game-hours: 3.3
review: This lady told me to go in a room, where I then proceeded to be hit in the face with a knive by a guy. 10/10 would get hit in the face with a knive by a guy again.
game-hours: 366.4
review: Warframe is a curious blend of a TPS, RPG, and Pokmon catch'em all style mixed with an ever-evolving sci-fi world full of baddies for you to defeat. You play as Tenno, a race sworn to uphold balance in the solar system with the various factions that are regularly at war. So what makes your character special, you ask? Well Tenno are enclosed in special fitted armor called a WARFRAME because they have been infected with the technocyte plague. Instead of being sick these individuals display unique special powers such as throwing fireballs or freezing the area. There are plenty of warframes to collect and play, as well as primary, secondary and melee weapons each handles differently so there is a lot of variation. This game is regularly and is independently published so the devs actually listen to their cummunity and try to make the game better. The game is regularly updated so its an everchanging experience. This game does free-to-play justice as you only pay for convenience or for cosmetics. Its a pretty addicting game with awesome graphics and an awesome sci-fi stting with freaking space ninjas! Must try.
game-hours: 1478.2
review: ing awsome
game-hours: 2613.6
review: This is a great game
game-hours: 257.1
review: Fun futuristic game where you're a space ninja. Choose from 4 beginner WarFrames that each have different abilities. Battle your way through the system to reach different planets with different environments and enemies. There are several weapons and "mods" that affect your warframe and weapons. Don't feel like buying your weapons with real money? well you can buy a blueprint with ingame currency, gather the resources you need and build it with the ingame crafting system. Although it is a visually appealing game, the gameplay will become repetetive as you grind for resources to get a better warfarme or better damage.
game-hours: 6.9
review: A fun take on modern first person shooters. Who hasn't wanted to be a ninja... in space?
game-hours: 6.7
review: tradeing a unused giftcard that i got when i bught a new grafiks card, its on 75 us dollars ( 50 euro ) trading it for ether the game saints row the third or gta episodes from liberty city ( or both if possible. the card have a code on it that you scratch away with a coin or so and is not "opend" ( scratched away ) if youre intrested take contact with me on steam or instagram whear i can take a picture and show it to you that it is not yet open or used. it also works for the games , neverwinter and marvel heroes.
game-hours: 759.5
review: YEAH! Ninja's and !
game-hours: 105.7
review: This is exactly what I want out of a video game. The plot: Me good, them bad, kill bad man with gun. If you love being anime and killing hundreds of dudes, then this is the game for you. If you love co-op games but cant find one since Army of Two died, then check this out for sure.
game-hours: 738.9
review: Great co-op game, unlike anyother. No extra fee's, it is awsome, some glitches, but, good support team 9.5/10
game-hours: 27.6
review: this is a amazing game very fun more so if you have friends to play with
game-hours: 574.2
review: Once you level up a few times and understand how the game works (polarities, mod ranks, etc), the game gets a lot funner. This game is repetitive and is a grinding type game, so it's not for anyone who's impatient.
game-hours: 240.4
review: This game is very addicting at some points. Don't believe the Metacritic score! Although it can be repetitive and grindy, the combat is very fun. Not to mention a lot of variety with weapons, mods, and Warframes. Highly suggest trying this game out. It's free, so not really any harm.
game-hours: 438.1
review: this game is freakin awesome
game-hours: 1338.7
review: Four-player co-operative space ninja third-person-shooter. Of surprisingly high quality for a free-to-play title, but with unsurprisingly pricy boosters. Gameplay has been changing over the course of development, but there's a multitude of weapons to play with, sound gets better, DE is putting their love into development (despite what we say about them) and actively engages the community. Sure, it's a smoothly fit together amalgation of many existing ideas in a way, but Warframe is still one of the better free-to-play shooters around.
game-hours: 121.1
review: Warframe, a game with ninjas in space fighting robots, wierd evolved humans or something and aliens. also you are doing it all without effort in that full body suit that covers your eyes..... so i have no idea how you see, but still it is a great game and i give ot 5/10 for its bugs and glitches and weeks of trying to fix it
game-hours: 3.9
review: +1
game-hours: 329.9
review: One the best 3rd person shooters I've played in along time. Space ninjas with guns what more do you want. The game is still in beta yes but its extremely playable and enjoyable. For a F2P game you really don't need to induluge in mirco-transaction to compete which makes for a pleasent change. Overall 8/10, the game has pleanty of potential left in it for that to change to a 9.
game-hours: 3.4
review: AWSOME
game-hours: 481.0
review: Great blend of action rpg elements
game-hours: 678.6
review: Unrelentingly hard and crafting wait time simulator.... 10/10 Game of the Year
game-hours: 49.7
review: So much fun. Even better with friends tho.
game-hours: 154.8
review: I find this game to be somewhat of an oxymoron. It is centered around the thematic ninja, but is constantly devolving into chaotic button mashing and a screen full of bloom and particles. The game is given to us in the form of a crack A-Team of space-ninjas, but very rarely does one feel like an assassin. The Warframes are cool, and the art design for them is amazing, but some of these abilities are completely hit or miss, and especially in the late game, practically unusable. Enemy hit points are simply too large for some of the games spellslinging frames to be practical. Ability economy is at a low, but at least you can remove them from your frame. The game does do one thing right and that is the progression of equipment and building of new frames is very satisfactory. I cant tell you how desperate I was to complete my Frost. And after you start crafting your preferred frames, you start to enjoy the game much more, but maybe thats because I didnt care much for Excalibur. One of the biggest faults of the game is the annoying maps and the enemies pathing AI that dont want to work with each other, forcing the defense mission in question to be unwinnable. Just something that needs ironing out. Melee combat and movement combos are tones of fun, if not a little sensitive.
game-hours: 79.7
review: Wareframe is a damn good time, get three friends and play till your hearts content. I liked this game so much I've spent money on Warframes and weapons in the Real money market and i dont regret it, if anything its only made the game that much more fun. If you don't have the money to spend you can unlock almost anything just by playing enough. Lots of cool feautres and a solid build.
game-hours: 723.5
review: If you're looking for a time sink, you've come to the right place! A rather interesting game in the already hyper-saturated "Free-to-play" shooter genre. I personally enjoy the various mechanics and the iterative fundamental gameplay changes the developers continue to roll out every few weeks, just be aware that if you like this game, expect to spend massive amounts of time grinding through semi-repetitive situations. It is actually completely possible to progress in this game with the free-to-play model, as the game's scaling/progressive content is influenced by the number of missions that you do, and you can get in-game money for upgrades by trading valuable blueprints/mods to other players. Though the game seems to push that this is all about space ninjas, I think it's better to describe this game as a "Third-person mobile shooting gallery," as enemy AI is very basic, and your ranged weapons have the most effective damage throughout all stages of the game. The most recent update (U13) introduced Melee 2.0, which greatly boosted the effectiveness of melee weaponry, though that being said, only a small handful of weapons are effective at all in the late game. Would I recommend this to my friends? No. Too much time of mine has been wasted shooting and cutting millions of enemies to ribbons. I do not exactly regret that time, but I worry that anyone else who plays it may find their time consumed very quickly. Would I recommend this to anyone else? Absolutely. It's a grindfest with enjoyable replayability and a broad spectrum of content to satisfy your tastes. I find the game relaxing most of the time, that being said, the game really isn't intended to be that way, and from what I gather, new players have a very difficult time getting used to various mechanics, enemy types, and advancing in the game. Best way to start? Find a friend who's experienced, have them carry you through a few missions, to help you get some advanced materials. Playing the game with friends is quite a lot more enjoyable than with pubs. I look forward to the future of this game, and I sincerely enjoy participating in its continual evolution.
game-hours: 39.4
review: It... is... free... Why wouldn't you want it?
game-hours: 1.8
review: This game was a waste of time and space
game-hours: 77.3
review: A really fun fast paced game.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Game is really focussed on borring farming of resources to make your character stronger. Plot is really in the background and it is so generic and so obvious it can as good not be there. What's more game is really vulgar about trying to make you to use "pay to win" strategy. The only pros I've seen is an interesting graphics (theme + quality) and quite good mission group matching. If you want to play game about farming for items - install diablo III - much more fun :P
game-hours: 147.4
review: Amazing game. nuff said
game-hours: 24.4
review: i buy honor pack but i did not recieve anything . Why ? Did just pay for nothing ?? Really ? Fix this issue or I want my money back please !
game-hours: 40.3
review: Warframe. futuristic Ninjas in space with magic powers and abilities who can run along walls, shoot guns and slice (or smash!) their way through whatever they encounter. Sound good? get stuck in, maggots.
game-hours: 2.1
review: Another one of those Pay2Win games. Fortunately, the PvP is extremely bland, and everyone does the PvE, so you can enjoy the game's content to a degree without paying a dime. The entire game is a huge grind, with no sort of side activity or anything to mask it. It will be painful. It will be boring. Though, the first few hours of gameplay, it will be fun, entertaining. With plenty of different playstyles, characters, and weapons (Latter two require $, or extreme patience (10+ hours for materials to craft the itme you want if you're lucky)). But for the things you can experience for free, the fun melee combat, the special attacks, the stunning visuals (with bad texture pop-in :c) I'd have to give this game a 6.5/10.
game-hours: 72.8
review: game says go in as a ninja... the reality is just go in kill everything then do the objective
game-hours: 4.1
review: I love this game, just wish my parents hadn't gotten rid of it
game-hours: 152.9
review: Just a warning to any one intending to invest time into this game. through my own personal experience i have now lost months of playing time and hundreds of dollars because this company decides it was ok to delete my acount with out my knowledge now ive been side linded in support for almost a week the customer service is digusting and respond with aditude toward its customers, this businesss practice is disgusting and unacceptable. so just a note if u plan on playing and spending money you do it at youre own risk
game-hours: 599.7
review: Great Demo, cant wait for the full game! What? its already a few years old? It feels so incompleet, but looks so good and new and fresh. So much potential, but all there is is grind and the developers rather add some cosmetics than actually build out the game to what it could be. Also, if you stop playing after a while, they will kill your dog.
game-hours: 3.7
review: like f2p but not
game-hours: 22.4
review: It's fun man so play it man just do it man you know you want to man
game-hours: 0.7
review: good game
game-hours: 6.1
review: one of the best free games
game-hours: 2.2
review: buggy  game gave me aids
game-hours: 134.3
review: great game at start things start to get boring after 300+(played 200+ house before connecting my warframe account to steam) hours of endless farming to get items that you want but the first 100 hours are amazing. the new contents added every update are really fun and if you are the type who like farming for items, warframe is one of the best games for you. new prime gears and new warframes every major updates or some of the sub updates give an additional 20-50 hours to farm all the items so if you wait patiently for the updates, warframe could be a never ending fun for you. i've quit warframe now but i still enjoyed the hours that i've played in warframe. its a great game to get and i also reccommend buying platinum just for weapon and warframe slots.
game-hours: 102.4
review: It's got space ninjas and explosions and wallrunning and shiny weapons and big swords and it's free.
game-hours: 30.1
review: its an amazing looking game and feels like your in the game whilst you play you run up walls kick people in the face and did i meantion your a ing alien
game-hours: 5.4
review: OMG, THIS GAME IS SO GOOD. EVERYBODY PLAY IT. But only if u are ninja
game-hours: 46.9
review: Brilliant, fun, cooperative and plenty of Action.
game-hours: 12.0
review: This is an excellent game and wil recommend it anytime. Also it is free and some excellent in game purchases to help beginners
game-hours: 47.1
review: Really great game. I can't believe it's free to play. It looks awesome, it's fun, and has a cool space ninjas/borderlands feel.
game-hours: 43.7
review: I've played this game on and off for quite some time now, both the PC and PS4 versions. I must say it is a lot of fun. I find myself coming back with wach and every update with more excitement than the last, and I am a founder and have been playing since the second patch.
game-hours: 39.1
review: MAXIMUM PAY TO WIN
game-hours: 7.3
review: top
game-hours: 38.6
review: I like to do the running on walls thing and shoot the aliens in mid-air and have explosions in the background like it's a michael bay movie. I recommend this game if you like shooting stuff.
game-hours: 7.2
review: play warframe its so great best third person shooter ever!
game-hours: 28.2
review: Awesome gameplay, upgrades, graphics, etc.. This game is highly addictive. Thanks to the developers for an awesome experience. :)
game-hours: 168.8
review: This game has great graphics and a good selection of weapons. Further more the game offers a huge selection of different types of warfames so that players can have a wide selection of playstyles to choose from. The only thing the game lacks is different kinds of creative game modes. Also wondering when will they make a Rhino Prime.
game-hours: 2.4
review: good game
game-hours: 513.1
review: Chopping, slicing, dicing, shooting, and Rhino . 10/10 best ninja
game-hours: 410.2
review: I am stuck to this game, i love it so much, that i sold my Bill's hat and my Earbuds to get some platinum. I don't know why, but it just captured me like i was a fish and Warframe is the fisher. Love it, AMAZING F2P, sometimes buggy and glitchy. 10/10 would Buy
game-hours: 883.5
review: its a fantastik game with alot of content, the co-op shooter feels original. But it do have a bunch of bugs, so it would be great if you tried to fix them, just for an update (like chrashing getting stuck in walls randomly dying stuff like that). And could you use another ip then 3960 and 3962 my PC keeps blocking those.
game-hours: 724.4
review: Ninjas in space. What more do you need? This is a free to play third-person shoot-um-and-slash-um-up game with a variety of play styles and weaponry. There is not really as much pay to win mechanics as pay to speed up progression, which normally might take a day waiting for something to craft, which will be done by the time you wake up the next day usually.
game-hours: 367.6
review: You are a Tenno. What is a Tenno? Nobody really knows. All they see is the suit. The Warframe. Beautiful and deadly. An instrument of war and destruction. You are awaken, weak and powerless, with no memory of who or what you are. Vay Hek, leader of the Grineer, the genetically modified mechanically enhanced remnants of humanity, is after you. He wants to harness the power of your Warframe to fuel his campaign for galaxy wide domination. You cannot defeat him. You must escape. If you somehow manage to elude Vay Hek, and escape into the depths of the dark and unforgiving galaxy, you might just encounter other lost and memoryless Frames. Perhaps your race has a chance for survival. As you explore the galaxy, you are guided by a mysteriously entity known only as "Lotus". For reasons unknown, Lotus has taken an interest in the Tenno, and appears to be on your side. For Now. Your mission: Disrupt the three dominant powers of the galaxy through terrorist missions and guerrilla warfare. Amass the most powerfull and exotic weapons and frames known to galactic life. Discover the mysteries of the galaxy, and the secrets of the Tenno Race. If you can do all this, maybe there is hope after all. Rating 10/10 and my favourite game
game-hours: 339.5
review: One of the best cooperative shooters and free to play games
game-hours: 365.0
review: This is my favourite game. I just can't stop playing it. Rating 10/10
game-hours: 49.4
review: Amazing coop fun, with good graphics, an awesome lighting system and even parkour moves in a scifi theme
game-hours: 78.2
review: Players must capture 4 towers, used to intercept data transmissions, and defend them from the enemy. After 100% of the transmission has been decoded, the players must kill all remaining enemies, and are then given an opportunity to extract with an additional reward. Players must wipe out all hostiles in the level, with the number remaining displayed on the upper-left below the minimap. Players must take control of a Grineer Fomorian-class ship core, and lead it through a set of tracks for destruction in deep-space. Introduced in the "Tethra's Doom" event. Players must eliminate an enemy boss unique to the given planet. Said boss usually has much more health and unique abilities and weaponry to distinguish them from common soldiers. Players must find the VIP targets within an enemy ship or stronghold. Once a VIP is located, it must be incapacitated before then being captured. Depending on the difficulty level or level setting, some VIPs are able to fight back or have longer head start to a safe zone where they cannot be captured. After all VIP targets are captured, players must fight their way to extraction.
game-hours: 1811.1
review: If you like farming and kick some Corpus a**, then this game is for you! Great events, good updates and it's only going to be better by time.
game-hours: 41.2
review: Is good
game-hours: 598.1
review: amazing game, completely free and good design.
game-hours: 278.9
review: best space ninja dress up simulator ever 10/10
game-hours: 0.8
review: Good Game a lot of fun...
game-hours: 314.4
review: this game is beast. i recomend it to enyone.
game-hours: 4.3
review: huge boobs
game-hours: 2.2
review: yeah its fun its rated m its my kind of game
game-hours: 2070.0
review: awsome co-op game. "Space Ninjas"
game-hours: 19.6
review: Very good game good graphics etc. but a bit boring after a while.
game-hours: 155.9
review: its not a "pay to play" and "play to win" game....nice
game-hours: 4.4
review: )))
game-hours: 204.7
review: Better then destiny thats for sure. Okay, you need to buy weapon slots. warframe slots. and more random crap... But hell, this game often has events where you can get paid items for free as a sure thing for a victory, unlike destiny.. Warframe offers randomly generated maps in whole deck of different themes, making grinding bareable. unlike destiny... sure destiny has a better pvp system, but wait another two years and warframe will have a way better pvp system then destiny. So long story short, play warframe (or borderlands) and never ever pay for destiny.
game-hours: 2.1
review: THIS GAME IS THE BOM DOT ING COM GET IT! ITS FREE AND ITS A PS4 GAME ON STEAM!! ITS AMAZING
game-hours: 685.8
review: My friend describes this game as making you feel like a badass. So its your choice
game-hours: 4.2
review: one of the best free games ever..good controlling...good feelings
game-hours: 4.0
review: i was charge this dude and choped his bullets in half with my sword and cut his body in half and then choped his halfs in halfs...................AVPOVED BY FALLEN ANGEL....................like somthin from a movie
game-hours: 185.7
review: i like this game
game-hours: 5.5
review: Trash
game-hours: 25.7
review: I love spending my money on in game purchases. 10/10
game-hours: 7.8
review: Amazing game friendly players when online! But you will have to get used to the controls lol.....
game-hours: 406.7
review: Spend hundreds of hours killing thousands of enemies. All for a shiny weapon you thought looked nice. 10/10 Would commit mass genocide again
game-hours: 125.3
review: Great but grinding is the only way to get anywhere,and....(Shiver)It has micro-transactions...(Shiver)
game-hours: 5.3
review: Termina volviendose lento y monotono con mucha rapidez... definitivamente no o recomiendo
game-hours: 281.9
review: Grind or spend money #Tier4voidrace
game-hours: 319.2
review: good graphics. fun, fast paced, action FPS. Even the community is great! It could use more tutorials in game, but the wiki, twitch, and youtube channels help with understanding all there is.
game-hours: 98.5
review: awesome epic messy fight
game-hours: 338.2
review: 420/10
game-hours: 6.2
review: Takes up t o much space and I had to delete almost all my games!
game-hours: 1.9
review: Fun, fast paced, action based game.
game-hours: 1456.7
review: Nice graphic and gaming experience--Yes! its also fun to play solo AND multiplayer, although multiplayer is recommended. However, it realy doesnt seem like ninjas... haha, i mean i think ppl who can clear msson so ninja-ish is really pro :P if there are any tho
game-hours: 231.1
review: If you want to have fun, you will need to pay. No money? Go grind. No time to grind? Go  yourself. Got time to grind but you're starting to think this is ing pointless? Welcome to warframe.
game-hours: 1.6
review: Repetative gameplay, cliche' setting, structured like a freemium iOS app. Don't waste your time.
game-hours: 2.3
review: This ing game is not even starting. Just keep crashing saying internal error occured and when I validate it just keeps on downloading again and again......
game-hours: 237.8
review: THS GAME SUX just kiddin this game is epic
game-hours: 19.9
review: good game fun just have to do your email at the begging of the game before you can play it!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 426.8
review: Ok so there was a person who only had 8-9 hours in this...just to clarify Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat Feeling badass flipping off walls and chopping dudes up Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play Might destroy Relationship/Marriage Could cause loss of feeling in  Might cause loss of friends 10/10
game-hours: 541.8
review: Eh. It's decent.
game-hours: 24.7
review: This game is fun but it gets a bit repetative but for a beta it is fantastic!
game-hours: 0.5
review: Highly recommended It's such a brilliant game epicly made and fun to be able to use a sword instead of guns all the time! :)
game-hours: 164.1
review: really fun game its a bit boring at the start but it gets better really recommend it 9/10 sad about the 60fps frame cap also amazing graphics
game-hours: 3.3
review: Very fun game but also can be confusing for new players, it doesn't go into much detail about the crafting system as well as abilities.
game-hours: 379.5
review: Favorite GAME EVER
game-hours: 433.9
review: This is basically the best f***ing game i have ever played in my entire f***ing life. If you don't already have this f***ing amazing game i suggest you get it right now.
game-hours: 60.4
review: I like warframe, It is very fun but a bit repetitive. Just keep swapping mission, weapons and classes when you get bored.
game-hours: 13.7
review: One of the best F2P games out there, this combines multiplayer, and singleplayer in epic battles around the solar system. The money you can pay unlocks better gear and colour schemes, which are not in any way neccessary, it is definitely not a pay to win. I would highly recommend getting this game, and although it seems that I haven't played many hours on it, those hours I have played, have been awesome.
game-hours: 0.2
review: I love the game
game-hours: 177.9
review: Absolute hours of fun, especially with friends! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game!
game-hours: 146.2
review: yes
game-hours: 478.8
review: best third person game ever
game-hours: 3.2
review: its game
game-hours: 58.3
review: The Game's repetitive and boring...also they screwed over like 90% of the pc fanbase that went to ps4 like myself by removing the transfer account option just so they could screw us out of our hard earned things in the pc version and all the money we spent. Also...regarding the pc version...why does it not truly have full controller support? you have it with your console versiona and the gui on the pc version has CLEARLY! been reworked for controllers...so why do I still find myself constantly having to switch over to my mouse to use about 60% of the UI? it just seems nonsensical to me. also I feel like this game gets rewarded and praised for what AAA titles get cracked down for... repetitive gameplay constant grind boring uninspired linear gameplay and level design (you know...what every other pc player out there es at other shooters for) also quite a bit of the game is a shade of brown...a last gen console thing that was constantly harassed and criticized so...why isn't this for doing that? all in all the hyposcrisy is ridiculous and so is the cash shop...it's give or take about 5 dollars for a new weapon and 10-15 for a new warframe which is ludicrous!!! sure you can earn them in game...by grinding out for like 30+ hours hoping you get the right materials...and the right plans...and have enough credits...and then to top it all off you have to wait as much as 3 days for it to be built...an even larger slap to the face and another roadblock...and half the time it isn't even worth the effort it's high grind low-reward is assinine and I hope this doesn't become a trend for future titles that this studio may publish.
game-hours: 752.1
review: amazing game, takes the best of mass effect 3's multiplayer and expands it. It is also a nice plus that when you pay for things the devs dont laugh in your face, that money is put back into the game and it shows. This is the best F2P models out there.
game-hours: 507.0
review: 50/10 PLAY THIS GAME IF: you like a GOOD grind if you want to feel like superman if you want to oppertunity to kick some  out of pay-to-win players if you like dismembering things if you want awesome movement mechanics if you want to fly like a badass in space if you like a challenging co-op or solo game if you like to craft things if you like to die a lot when playing single player (challenging as ) If you like REALLY CHALLENGING levels with gold-plated enemies IF YOU DON'T WANT TO PAY MONEY THEN GET THIS GAME. Pros: Graphics that kicked Skyrim's  when it came out you are a ing ninja music that you can tune-in or tune-out amazing gameplay and character animations enemies that know how to dodge, while you don't you get your own spaceship and its front window is ing amazing ITS ABSOLUTELY FREE AND NOT IN ANY WAY PAY TO WIN you can play it on your  laptop different tilesets between planets CONSTANT ING UPDATES Cons: the fun kind of grindy stuff takes actual time to build (good for casual players) playing things solo is ing hard
game-hours: 435.2
review: SUPER AWESOME MAC DADDY FLY GAME HAS SO MUCH SWAG CHECK IT OUT YOLO.
game-hours: 28.0
review: SPACE NINJAS!! seriously though if you like 3rd person shooters with a mix of swordplay then this is the game for you 9/10
game-hours: 21.5
review: Its a fun game but it has many issues. IMPORTANT (Downlad from warframe website and not steam!) When you first download it it gets around 6 gigs of data, then when you launch it it patches the game. So if you try to verify or backup the game you lose all fiels and it will donload the 6 gigs again, and then patch it again. Save yourself some headache and download the game from the warframe website. I gave it a thumbs up cuz its a good game but man i had to download this game 3 times already and that is not fun.
game-hours: 74.0
review: VERY GOOT GAME,, very goot indeed
game-hours: 697.9
review: I'v been playing since closed beta, and even now it still keeps me entertained and enjoyable. And there are updates almost every week, giving us new content. And the major updates often keep you busy for a few weeks.
game-hours: 936.8
review: This is one of the best free to play games currently on the planet, beautiful graphics, stunning gameplay, and the best part you dont have to pay a cent unless you really want to.
game-hours: 23.9
review: This game is by far the most detailed free game to play. Truly remarkable graphics and with each update, it only gets. better. But there two aspects I would like to bring to the players who would like to play Warframe: 1. The game severly punishes you if you truly wish to enjoy the game, as it will force you to play for many many hours to get new warframe and weapons. 2. Although a game that does force you to play a long time, I must say the player community is the most helpful and fun than that I have experienced in any game yet. So making friends to help you gather the stronger weapons can be much more fun, eventually ending up with something more valuable than those top tier weapons. A friend X3 Anyway, I hope you enjoy the game. The game of Warframe.
game-hours: 10.8
review: Interesting concept and pretty fun to play. It gets to grindy and repetetive later though,
game-hours: 1.9
review: the only non pay 2 win free to to play game
game-hours: 143.2
review: good game for my self
game-hours: 33.6
review: Overall it is a good game Pros: *Good Graphics *Nice fight scenes Cons: *Needs a warframe account *It does not serves you breakfast
game-hours: 13.1
review: YES BECAUSE YOUR A NINJA
game-hours: 42.4
review: cool
game-hours: 20.5
review: This is fun but you have to take some breaks while playing, because this just isn't a game you would play for hours on end, also the new navigation and ship isn't as simple as it used to be, but the actual gameplay is really fun.
game-hours: 12.1
review: can i play pvp in warfame ? and if i can play pvp what lvl i can play pvp in it ?
game-hours: 1054.5
review: Best game of all time. You need to at least try it. <3
game-hours: 35.4
review: this game is the best free to play game ever. why good graphics, good story line, muliplayer is amazingly fun, you can creat your own class, and this game is ninja  bad
game-hours: 316.5
review: Survive the Grind: The Game
game-hours: 11.4
review: Very fun game and engaging keeps me deep into the game
game-hours: 682.9
review: I used to have retinas... not anymore 10/10 Vision Express are now rich.
game-hours: 825.9
review: This is a very high quality game. It is the best Free to play I have ever played. I have played this game on and off in between updates and the best part is that it is constantly updated. I wish there was a more prominent story though.
game-hours: 46.4
review: ninja please
game-hours: 19.1
review: "Power Rangers in space simulator" 10/10
game-hours: 33.3
review: add invisablity
game-hours: 10.3
review: best free game
game-hours: 484.0
review: yea~!!! :D
game-hours: 345.4
review: This story requires a bit of setup. Last year, a friend of mine whom I'd known from gaming for a long time contacted me and told me about this great new game that was in beta that he was backing as a founder (called a "Grandmaster" in-game) called Warframe. A third person cooperative shooter with elements of Phantasy Star Online/Diablo loot runs, procedurally generated levels, and more content being added all the time. The game was difficult to start, as there are many keys for various secret parkour maneuvers. Running along walls! Sliding down ziplines! Soon, I was completely hooked; my friend and I were playing late into the night, trying to grind out just one more piece necessary to build a new component or weapon, or trying to beat our best time on the Survival missions -- where you fend off an ever growing wave of foes as life support ticks down. Over the year, there were many great victories, hair raising last second escapes, and new friends joining our little group. Many hours were spent joking around with each other on Skype, cracking jokes, blasting weird songs at each other, and coming up with our own stupid little catchphrases. Flash forward a year; Warframe now has space combat, new Warframes, new weapons, and new combat controls. The game still has its original style, but it's so much improved. Last week, our four player regular team developed some incredible strategies that let us get further than we ever had on wave defense missions. The only thing that made us stop was getting tired. On Tuesday, my friend who invited me to the game a year ago didn't show up that night. I found out on Wednesday that he had passed away suddenly from an undiagnosed health condition. The shock of it is still hitting us hard. The friendships that we had formed through the game, gone in an instant. It hardly feels real. I keep expecting him to log in and be there, ready to do another defense mission, and it's difficult to accept that we'll be going it alone now. We contacted Digital Extremes, the company that makes the game, and asked if there was anything we could do. They dedicated their 11/20/2014 episode of their webcast to the memory of our friend and read our memorials to him on the air. Their reactions were heartfelt and touching. They really do listen to and react to the community. I not only recommend the game for how much fun it is (I recommend you play it with a group of friends on voice chat -- up to four per session; your gameplay experience may vary alone, and form a clan or join one just because many items are clan-only), I recommend it for how responsive the game developers are to the community. They constantly improve it and add new content, items, and weapons. There is a storyline that is unfolding. The voice acting is delightful. You could easily play this game without spending a single dollar of real world currency on it (real world currency is used for cosmetics and increasing the number of Warframes and weapons you can own, or buying things that you can't wait for). Thanks, Digital Extremes. And rest in peace, Woxit.
game-hours: 2494.1
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download Warframe 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play Warframe 3) Grind for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself; that's how sure I was that it would work. Edit: A few people are adding me for help on WF. Feel free to add me if you wish, and I'll try my best to accept and answer any questions you may have, but just know I may not have time to play more than a few rounds with you :c Sorry.
game-hours: 516.2
review: first week: its ok Second week: cool game Third week: wow, great game fourth week: 300 hours? this cant be right! fifth week: 430 hours, i have a problem...
game-hours: 524.3
review: they should add skateboards for all the grinding you do
game-hours: 2946.2
review: It's like a real life girlfriend. Only far less expensive and easier to grind.
game-hours: 118.7
review: | Update (24/4/14): It has been a fairly significant chunk of time since I wrote this review of Warframe, and some elements of the game have been expanded upon in ways that alleviate some of the issues I originally had. The premium currency, platinum, can now be traded between players. This provides an option for players who do not wish to put money into the game but want to participate in using the storefront. Users in the comments have pointed out that there are many powerful items which are not available in the store - if you want them, you'll need to grind. Multiple new game modes exist, including "Invasion", a mode which allows players to team up together with the Corpus or the Grineer to work against the opposing faction. This mode gives the player some agency in the kinds of rewards he receives for completing the mission. The latest update introduced Melee 2.0, which delivered improvements to the game's melee combat. The most interesting update comes in the form of Dark Sectors. Clans and alliances can own parts of the Solar System, and can fight for that contested ownership. Clans and Alliances can also set tax and resource requirements on anyone who accesses their conquered territories, leading to territorial battles for supremacy. In conclusion, a decent amount of content has been added to the game. While the core argument of my review holds true, Warframe is finally approaching the level of depth required to elevate itself above a mere grinding game. The new "EVE Online"-esque sector mechanics are particularly promising in that regard. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | Original Review (25/11/13) A great-looking, initially interesting game that feels like one compelling part of what should be a greater whole. Warframe is an interesting entry in the free to play space. It has the looks and the gameplay, but after a while it begins to feel lacking in the way of substance. Gameplay largely involves clearing your way through various missions types as you progress in rank, leveling up your weapons and your Warframe (the game's metaphor for various Classes, each having their own unique abilities, advantages, disadvantages and so on) as you shoot a myriad of alien Grineer, infested hordes, and Corpus robots. Missions range from rescue scenarios where a hostage must be located and escorted to safety, to mobile defense missions where waves of increasingly difficult enemies must be held off as you protect a moving objective. These can all be completed solo, but are made more interesting by grouping up with other players. Higher level missions are tricky by yourself, making teaming up the more attractive proposition. Weapons and Warframes can be augmented with various modifcations that apply the standard Action RPG fare - elemental damage bonuses, increased critical hit damage, faster reload speeds, you name it. This allows for some diversity in gameplay between players, where you may opt to build out your Warframe in a more supportive role, or stock up on mods which provide a more tanky character. So far the game has been well supported with semi-regular content updates and special events, usually in the form of new warframes and weapons, and a "community effort" in which everyone can participate. The only "issue" is that the game is a bit of a grind. In fact, it's a complete grinding game. The main reason for going on missions is in the hopes of accumulating various materials with which to craft the new warframes or weapons. You can use the games "premium" currency to expedite the process of manufacturing said items (which take hours, days of real time to craft) or simply buy them outright from a storefront. Why do you want these new weapons and warframes? To grind more efficiently for materials. This might strike you as a monotonous loop, and to an extent it is, but the joy of the gameplay itself goes a way to allievating the game from being a total bore. Inevitably though you may become tired of the treadmill. The game sometimes feels like it is skirting the boundaries of being gross about its "free to play" nature - you can certainly get almost everything in the game without spending if you're willing to commit to the grind, but it can sometimes feel like game systems are designed to encourage you to give up and bring out your wallet - namely the sheer amount of materials required to craft better equipment, and the time spent waiting for these items to actually be built. It's always questionable when a F2P game includes a long timer alongside a button to make it go away for just a few pounds. Ultimately, if you're just looking for a good looking, nice playing third person shooter with online components and a decent aesthetic, you can do far worse than Warframe. After spending some time with it, however, you might wind up wishing there was a little more to the experience beyond what is currently available.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat Feeling badass flipping off walls and chopping dudes up Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play Might destroy Relationship/Marriage Could cause loss of feeling in  Might cause loss of friends 10/10
game-hours: 401.9
review: I bought a space gun using my space money, i used said gun on space zombies, I casted space magic on said space zombies, then i space ninja'd my way to the space boss, where i used my space parkour and my space sword to space kill him, I then returned to my space ship were i rubbed the space belly of my space dog. Today was a good day.
game-hours: 2945.3
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. And to top it all off, everything that impacts gameplay can be obtained for free. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Start game ---- create an account --- choose warframe --- play game --- kill enemies/rescue buddies/defend a pod/etc --- kill bosses --- open new planets --- rank up --- build new warframe --- find clan --- build new warframe --- farm farm farm --- build new weapon --- farm farm farm --- build new warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build new sentry --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a Kubrow --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a prime weapon --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- build a Prime warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- play the same new event mission x5 --- gain new mods --- polarize weapon --- XP XP XP XP XP --- need credits - T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- NEW UPDATE ---- FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING --- go build arch wing - "No resources" --- farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm - build arch wing *NO CREDITS* --- T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- build archwing *** waits 36 hours*** thats pretty much my experience on Warframe --- 10/10 ---
game-hours: 7.2
review: Yes I downloaded the game. No I did not play it. I spent a bit making an account and when I clicked the link they gave me in the email this came up. "Invalid activation code. Please retry activating your key." I dont even understand what that means. So yeah, I read those super long steam reviews, good and bad, in the hopes that the game was bad so that I wouldn't like it anyway. Guess I'll never know.
game-hours: 249.9
review: Its an ok game, although the pay wall are slightly crazy, 24h and up to 72h wait are stupid and don't make sense, never pay to skip, you are paying "nothing"
game-hours: 784.5
review: This Game ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 29.0
review: i cant play it my screen is all black pls help
game-hours: 0.5
review: Was fun. Won't go into detail since it's probably been updated since I played it. Just know that you need a GOOD Internet connection (and a decent computer) to run this game. Internet part is just for co-op. Honestly, this is better on console, so if you have an Xbox One, get Warframe on that (it's still free)!
game-hours: 8.3
review: A repetative, samey third-person-shooter with no real entertainment value. The constant micro-managing of upgrades and the same enemies through the same corridors for the same missions over and over, doesn't appeal to me at all. Worst of all is that the game LOCKS your Warframe when you choose it, and won't allow you to change it for a MINIMUM of 4 days, and that's AFTER you've spent HOURS searching for RANDOM DROPS for the resources you need to construct a new Warframe. All-in-all, not a very good game.
game-hours: 16.5
review: good for uninstallation
game-hours: 9.5
review: nope
game-hours: 600.9
review: 10/10, pick warframe, max level it, pick another one, farm parts and build it. max level it have fun. Not pay to win. very fun starting up. +Looks very good, +gets updated a lot +a lot to do +good game to transfer from consule to pc gaming. -late game, a lot of farming to do I am max level but there are some items needed to level up that you can not get in game anymore. I am missing ~8 items becuase i started playing this just before it came out on steam. If you start playing this, play it as soon as possbile and get all weapons so when they go out the game, you still have them. Still very fun and the problem I said about weapons doesnt isnt a problem until very late game where you have done EVERYTHING else.
game-hours: 1051.5
review: Warframe won MMOBomb contest.....nuff said
game-hours: 5.7
review: This is a great game! It is all about the way you play! When I got my bow i still havent gotten rid of it becuase it is a full charge one shot. But i dont really care if you get the game or not but i would definetly reccomend it if you want a cool kind of power and action kind of thing. But if i were to have to compare it to another game it would be a good version of Destiny, so its good so far and if you dont have money that doesnt matter! ITS FREE!!!!!
game-hours: 17.0
review: Smooke some tabacco befor u play. 1/10 ign
game-hours: 412.6
review: It gets boring after the first 250 hours. EDIT: It never gets boring.
game-hours: 49.0
review: This game is amazing if ur into the thrills of adventure and fighting aliens!
game-hours: 35.3
review: A FTP game that's not pay-to-win.
game-hours: 5.8
review: Really awesome game for being F2P!
game-hours: 60.5
review: awesome!
game-hours: 507.8
review: Awsome Game played it for 2 years Love it
game-hours: 264.1
review: ok, ive decided to come back and rereview this game. With all the updates and small changes, its alot better, and it doesnt feel as boring and samey. The particle effects can chug the frame rate, but other then that the graphics are still top notch. the weapons are kinda bullet hosey, but with what ive been using its still nice and responsive. the melee attacks feel better, some how, the have more impact then nothing. playing with others is definatly were this game shines, but keep in mind your revives. the whole self revive is a bit annoying when you run out, as you need to pay, so thats a tad stingy. overall the business model is somewhat fair. you get credits faster and level up faster so it doesn't feel like a grind. i now do recommend the game, as it is much better, and deserves extensive play, even if not in one sitting. However, the business model isnt perfect, and can feel aggresive, so be warned
game-hours: 287.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 34.9
review: This game The best Free to Play, Third Person Shooters this year I love this game because you can be a ultimate boss
game-hours: 23.2
review: Great game but linear level design, great weapons and armour
game-hours: 127.1
review: I don't actually play Warframe.
game-hours: 7.1
review: Good game. I love it its really Sexy, and sexy Oh, and sexy
game-hours: 24.2
review: good looking
game-hours: 6.0
review: Great Graphics along with good CO-OP abillity and large maps for missions
game-hours: 226.3
review: When you hear the words "free-to-play third-person shooter," you probably envision yet another PvP killfest with a frightening potential for pay-to-win microtransactions. Warframe, then, is a pleasant surprise: it's a four-player co-op shooter in the vein of Mass Effect 3 multiplayer, with fast-paced action and plenty of customizable options, except without the story context. Like all too many recently launched free-to-play games, at the moment (technically open beta, but declared reviewable) it feels somewhat buggy and unfinished, but it holds the promise of what might be a great game after a few more content patches. Being a co-op game doesn't mean that you have to ignore a competent storyline (see Left 4 Dead), but Warframe seems content to establish its universe at a basic level: players are acrobatic robot-suited warriors fighting an alien invasion. Then it simply throws us into a long series of very samey-feeling missions. Whether you're asked to rescue a hostage or retrieve an alien artifact or destroy a reactor, rest assured that your primary goal is to shoot nigh-endless waves of enemies. It's good, then, that Warframe makes it quite fun to kill things and watch them die. Movement and shooting feels smooth and responsive, targets are plentiful, and there's just enough ragdoll silliness in the enemy death animations to always make me look forward to my next kill. There's a good variety of guns to choose from, including a powerful bow that can pin enemies to walls, and although the sci-fi swordsman archetype might be overplayed lately, the melee combat here is also satisfyingly weighty. Charged attacks that can slice enemies clean in half are their own reward. Animations in general are fluid and interesting, and although the environments tend toward blandness, they're lit up by a Technicolor explosion of enemy fire and player ability effects. Some tweaking is required (the bloom effects are fairly ridiculous at their default setting), but this is still one of the best-looking free-to-play games to date. Warframe runs on Digital Extreme's proprietary Evolution engine, which does a fine job of both looking great and running smoothly. The primary fodder of Warframe are the Grineer, a race of privateer space marines that do a passable job of taking cover and attempting to retreat or advance as the situation demands. However, they'll also regularly send out seeker bots, which are by far the most annoying enemies I've fought lately due to their small hitboxes and extremely rapid movement. Meanwhile the Infested race (read: space zombies) are almost exclusively melee attackers, and I found I could usually reduce them to confused immobility simply by standing on a tall box. Standing on top of boxes is just one of the abilities of these high-tech super soldiers. Each of the three warframe classes gets a suite of four unique superpowers: Volt relies on electrical attacks, Nyx uses psychic powers to turn enemies against each other, Loki becomes invisible for stealth attacks, and so on. Those abilities are fun to use, but the downside is that you wind up unlocking all of them fairly early on; some advanced superpowers at the upper end of the level curve would've been a nice reward for sticking with a single suit. Also, any of the three warframe classes can use any gun, which is understandable given that you might be paying real money for them, but it makes them feel interchangeable when it comes to shooting. Speaking of guns, the lack of grenades and other explosive options is a bit odd, but it did at least force me to move forward to engage enemies behind cover rather than bogging things down in protracted long-distance firefights. You can sneak up behind some enemies and perform backstabs to critically wound them, but in the chaos of a four-person mission, I found that stealth usually goes by the wayside fairly quickly. Most customization comes from an extensive modification system in which you plug in collected upgrades like elemental damage to your weapons and extra shields to your warframe. The interface for this system still needs a fair amount of work, though; I ran into a nasty bug that completely prevented me from switching mods out on one of my warframes, and in fact required a complete game restart every time I attempted to do so. Plus, the random nature of the drops can also be frustrating. If you miss out on the basic shield and health boosters, you might find yourself needing to re-run early missions until you get some lucky drops, as they're almost required to complete later missions. One of Warframe's significant issues at the moment is its failure to display important information, especially in the mission-select interface. It's a slick piece of work, letting you pick where you want to go in the system in a cool way, but the level ranges of each individual planet aren't shown, making you click around until you find somewhere appropriate to play. Likewise, games in progress are marked, but you have no idea of the relative level of the players involved until you actually join a game in progress. Since there isn't an quickmatch button, I had to go through a fair amount of planet-browsing each time I wanted to hop into a match, and false starts are a drag. There's always the option to simply hop into a mission by yourself and hope that someone joins you, but some missions aren't well-balanced for solo play. Some require you to carry an item that prevents you from firing your main weapon; others consist of defending critical points from enemies attacking from multiple angles. Running out of ammo is also a concern when you're outnumbered this badly. Most critically, there's no lag or ping display anywhere. Given Warframe's reliance on peer-to-peer connections, it's frustrating not to know whether you're about to hop into a game hosted by someone who's streaming HD movies from Netflix in the other room. I ran into latency problems that ranged from noticeable to almost unplayable in around a quarter of the games I joined. As with most free-to-play games, Warframe contains a store where you can exchange real-world money for one of the two in-game currencies, platinum. There isn't much in the cash-only store that could be considered mandatory, although some of these items, like the in-game pets that stun and shoot nearby enemies, additional daily revives, and power-boosting items that let you slot in twice as many mods to your frame and weapons could be classed as "very, very handy." Still, the economy feels fair, especially since you're only paying to be able to kill AI enemies more efficiently. You'll also earn the other currency, credits, as you play, and the market does a reasonable job of ensuring that most items (aside from things like XP boosters and slots for extra warframes) can be purchased with them. There's an extra laborious crafting hurdle for free players, but it's not tedious to the point of frustration. I spent $50 to buy 1,000 platinum, with which I was able to buy a bundle consisting of a new warframe, three new weapons, and a set of boosters which made earning XP and credits much quicker for a few days, with enough platinum left over to purchase another warframe and a weapon or two. For perspective, it would've taken at least a few days of regular play (not counting crafting time, which is often on the order of 12 hours per item) to earn the credits to buy them all. In its current state, Warframe feels like the foundation (or frame, you might say) of a game that might be really interesting at some point in the future. It just needs more of everything: more mission variety, more good enemies, more polish, more environments, more players. Given the cost, Warframe's well worth a try if like this ambient.
game-hours: 2.7
review: i like
game-hours: 2.6
review: yolo
game-hours: 422.3
review: Very fun game <3
game-hours: 6.9
review: Pretty good game, interesting, exciting. All advise
game-hours: 2.3
review: yes
game-hours: 318.4
review: The best 3rd person shooter out there, Tons of gun and weapons available. It is not pay to win, CUTTING PEOPLE IN HALF. Although most of the game is farming it's still realy fun to play and rewarding.
game-hours: 9.0
review: Ultimate Space Ninja Grind Simulator 2014 Now with fluffy dogs included.
game-hours: 191.1
review: i like this game but it too much lag and very slow loading most of the time
game-hours: 1566.7
review: I may be very sightly completely addicted to the level some WOW players are. Its good, now go play it.
game-hours: 463.2
review: :3 best game ever :) here i met great guys...
game-hours: 0.8
review: i am ninja so this is freaking awsome because its a freaking ninja game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 6.0
review: Great Graphics along with good CO-OP abillity and large maps for missions
game-hours: 69.2
review: Was cold on this one during Beta, but a friend got me to look again, its a mightly good fun experience. Theres no real depth here but there is also nothing quite like it anywhere else. Its a fun brainless co-op brawler - and its rather good. Its fast paced and thrilling. Its free-to-play so you can expect microtransactions - but you know I actually prefer that business model these days. Recommended!
game-hours: 5.3
review: Great Game! 10/10 Stars, Reccomend to all friends ! :P
game-hours: 647.2
review: ADFGAHGHASDFAS thats what i say when i hear warframe 9001/10 its that good
game-hours: 3.8
review: much ninja such fun
game-hours: 25.5
review: I cant run this GAME for some reason it keeps on saying "Update of directX failed''. This sucks
game-hours: 2.7
review: Good Game. Feels like you repeating the same mission over and over though..
game-hours: 9.7
review: Really good game, the graphics are awesome and the amount of weaponry is enourmous! With a bit of more bug fixes this game can become really good. I wish you could change to first person perspective for more challenging gameplay and for a bit of more realism. Overall the game is great and I recommend everyone to play it.
game-hours: 2.3
review: Cool game
game-hours: 17.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1388.2
review: Played it for a little. Okay game I guess.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Brillaint Free To Play
game-hours: 29.4
review: AwesomeXD
game-hours: 71.4
review: -Friend does really cool parkour trick- Me: Pssshhhhh I can do that, easy. -jumps and falls into a pit- 10/10
game-hours: 1198.1
review: Space Ninja Nuff Said *Acutally no... it's also pay to win.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Cant believe the crash error is still not fixed lol wtf are you even doing? 0/10 gets 5 mins of gameplay for every crash checked google and its an ongoing error from 2013 and is still widespread today .another careless money hungry developer throwing his game down the s.h.i.t.t.e.r : D
game-hours: 9.6
review: :,,. :   ,  .
game-hours: 700.4
review: I've only played this for a little bit, but it's actually very fun
game-hours: 12.1
review: "12.1 hours on record" = 2 hours doing single-player missions to get the hang of it, and 11 hours trying to get the game to work, since it freezes if it gets disconnected from the internet at any point. Even while playing by yourself. AMAZING DESIGN THERE GUYS.
game-hours: 49.0
review: This game is amazing if ur into the thrills of adventure and fighting aliens!
game-hours: 10.4
review: it kind of laggs for me alot!! i meant
game-hours: 320.9
review: Everything is great except, the 12 hour to make something unless you pay to rush. ing breaking my balls.
game-hours: 10.8
review: this game is so cool i was frost and i can telport so i froz sombody and a nother guy was coming so i telpoted when the other guy attack so he brok his own team mate lol
game-hours: 387.7
review: This game is an incredible f2p FPS with an amazing mele system with fully customizable characters and full controller compatability!~ Try it out!~
game-hours: 169.4
review: First of all i really like sci-fi games so this one so there wasn't a lot of demur aboaut getting this game and I wasn't dissapointed: The game is awesome,there is a lot things to it,like "frames"(robots you play whit),classes are really cool and a lot of mods,there are some tiny glitches but the game is being constantly updated.That and a lot of more things is why I liked This game so much and I deffinetly recommend it for download! :)
game-hours: 1478.7
review: Amazing game very good graphics, you can make epic weapons, fight tough bosses, and its free to play: get it now!
game-hours: 1.7
review: nice gameplay, stealth, and fighting.. also the gore..
game-hours: 97.2
review: The game is wonderful, beautiful graphics, a surprisingly solid story arc, tons of customization...the only downside is you're going to be doing A LOT of grinding. But other than that, it's a great game, especially for free.
game-hours: 42.4
review: alot of fun but needs some work on the PVP elament.
game-hours: 4.0
review: :3 idk :3
game-hours: 615.8
review: I was initially wary of playing yet another F2P pay-if-you-want-to-enjoy-it game, but Warframe defied all my expectations and ended up highly entertaining. You can play it casually, with yourself and a couple buddies/random internet dudes, or you can play it competitively with a large clan. The variety of cooperative PVE missions and the different unlockable characters/weapons/giant swords keep you coming back for more. The PVP isn't as fun, due to the unbalanced nature of certain warframes, but its gradually getting better. Graphically, all I can say is the visual style is distinctively Warframe. Each faction has unique challenges and levels, as well as distinctive themes. The Tenno faction, the one you play as, utilize warframes - insectlike suits of incredible power. I'd pick this game up and try it at least once. It's free, after all, and while the real money currency, platinum, is useful it is not required to progress.
game-hours: 144.3
review: A really fun third person shootern that is fun for anyone plus its free.
game-hours: 73.5
review: In the eternal-open-beta Grindframe you either: pay to play smoothly or grind you  out to boredom. It is fun enough while it last though.
game-hours: 340.1
review: i love this game, clean and crisp graphics, but i can't recommend just to the fact that it's just grinding, that is literally all there is to this game. grinding
game-hours: 15.1
review: I'll be honest, i haven't really played much of this game but from what I have played so far, it is really fun! A lot of people are talking about the grind here which i havent gotten on to yet but i'm sure it is there. So far, paying to get certain items doesnt seem like a necessity and can be avoided. It's really fun and probably one of the best F2P games on steam right now. Great for Co-Op!
game-hours: 21.4
review: One of the best looking free2play games out there
game-hours: 34.2
review: For a free to play game that was also free to download, I recommend it. However if they ever charge for it I do not. This game is you're classic 3rd person shooter nothing special there. You go around killing stuff and thats about it. 2/5 Stars.
game-hours: 18.6
review: Don't be fooled by the disgraceful reviews of the "big" reviewers like IGN and gamestop or whatever, but this game is amazing, especially for free to play. You feel in control and can chop your enemies down using some skills you obtain, you can change colours of your character, get new skill's and mods for your weapons, helmets etc. Now don't get me wrong, these things come at a price, quite a large price too, i totally recommend this game, it's fun and can have a blast with friends. to be honest, i would rate this game a 8 out of 10 for some flaws, but i am disgusted of how the "big" reviewers have rated this game, so i just want to back it up a bit.
game-hours: 361.6
review: Exellent graphics, Slightly confusing at first leveling system(started on beta release may have change the tutorial), Has optional pathways for story line but you can branch out every single way, parkcour is decent in the game, tactical or simple your choice, Gameplay you'll never forget with friends. I love this game
game-hours: 154.7
review: -Be a Tenno. -Save Universe. xD -Craft weapons. -Be a Leggend. Unless you are Batman.Then be always Batman.
game-hours: 983.5
review: 10/10 Would grind again!
game-hours: 957.2
review: 10/10 would farm again.
game-hours: 8.7
review: Haven't played yet Looks fun School 11/10 would play if had chance
game-hours: 0.7
review: I approve this message
game-hours: 71.8
review: Best 'social life demolishing' simulator on the market. Within hours of downloading this game, my social life was completely destroyed! 10/10 Would destroy social life again.
game-hours: 0.6
review: ninja's in space like wuts better den dat?
game-hours: 249.7
review: I spent 2 days straight grinding for golden shiny things then spent 100 on more shiny things 10/10 would grind again
game-hours: 453.6
review: Don't listen to theses critics on metacritics. THEY judge to much about a game which is still in the beta phase! EACH MONTH comes out a great patch! More and more will be added, i mean more events over the weekend, more blueprints to collect and craft. More planets with more levels. Collect resources to craft items! THE GAME HAS POTENTIAL. We the players (Tennos) have to develop the game WITH THE DEVELOPERS. It's a good game ... >:| Silly Metacritics, why you listen to those people who thinks they know more about the game then they actualy does!
game-hours: 509.1
review: It's the Grineer.
game-hours: 9.3
review: darude-sandstorm
game-hours: 6.1
review: This game is a hack. I played the first few missions, they were extrordinarily fun. But once you use all of your revives, the game f**** you. You can't play this game without rapid death. I just acidentaly jumped of a cliff, and do you know were it teleports me? Right in the middle of like 20 enimies. They do massive and rapid damage, and on certain missions, they respawn like crap. Unless your the god of video gaming, this is impossible.
game-hours: 160.9
review: this game is the best, i think saints row 3 and 2 are sort of the same.
game-hours: 9.7
review: best game ever i like <3 btw todays my birft day :P
game-hours: 136.4
review: Warframe is by far one of the best f2p games i have ever played in a while. The presentation is great, the atmosphere, the gameplay is fun and addicting, it makes you want to constantly evolve your character, you can play it with friends or alone with other people online. The game developers constantly update the game, having in consideration fans feedback, which makes for a great and overall fun game. If you are looking for a new game to try out and get lost in, Warframe is definitely a top contender nowadays.
game-hours: 76.7
review: Very Vast, Very Fun, And Pretty Damn Awesome
game-hours: 609.6
review: This game isnt for pipel that go for realism, not for monsters not for magic or physics, but for feeling the combat, fight.. action. lemme explain: u come near any enemy and when u swing with ur melee weapon, do ur melee attack, it doeznt matter if u hit an enemy with a blade, or grip, or pole on hammer instead of hammer's head, u will still give damage which iznt important how much, whatz important iz, game mechanic. it workz great! u do all sortz of parkour $hit but when u need to feel d hit into an opponent, u dont. even when u jump from 20m on enemy's head, nothing happenz.
game-hours: 436.5
review: Awesome !
game-hours: 1737.1
review: This game is amasing one of the best gems i have played online
game-hours: 146.2
review: I started to play Warframe from when it was a beta (not from Steam back then,reinstalled it recently) and already loved it to death back then! It was unique and something completely new and different from any MMO i tried. It felt like it will grow in a positive way and it did! They made such a huge step from the very beginning and sometimes i have a feeling that developers are working 24/7 nonstop! You will never get bored, cuz they make something new so often. Warframe also has one of the nicest community i encountered in my gaming life and devs are also often comunicating with players, give away free platinum on livestreams and much more! If I had to vote, I would give Warframe a medal for best MMO right now! Everything is perfect and nothing makes you so happy as developers who care about your opinion (they realy do). P.S. Proud to be a veteran of this game!
game-hours: 25.8
review: One of the best Co-op games that's also free ( with micro, but you can easily play without paying any money ). Recommended and Seal of Approval!
game-hours: 440.5
review: Completely changed my opinion of f2p games. Outstanding, and you don't have to pay a penny to enjoy it all.
game-hours: 69.2
review: Do I fancy a quick shaggn? I reckon I do
game-hours: 35.5
review: like star wars on acid! if you love WoW and beutiful designs/artwork with a fast paste game with a big universe and tons of things to customise then this is it! and you get to play as a super ninja from the future!
game-hours: 12.9
review: I'm hard
game-hours: 11.5
review: I like this game but to get other chars its too dificult because of this 8/10
game-hours: 132.5
review: a lot of fun find some friends and spend some time playing the time will just fly.
game-hours: 29.0
review: Ok meme
game-hours: 52.9
review: This game is brilliant! Just the occasional arm or other random body part flying off in different directions... This is a highly recommended game if you ask me! I give this a 10/10 Definately would play again! :D
game-hours: 38.6
review: I enjoy the game a lot. Been with the game since Beta. At first take a bit to learn the controls but after it's great. Don't really care about grinding to get cool items since I enjoy doing the missions and playing with friend. So far one of the best Free to Play games ever and how it done right. Love the graphics and battle format and shooting and swords fighting. Ninja! Jumping off walls. Hopefully the game will stay awsome till the end.
game-hours: 112.3
review: good game
game-hours: 8.0
review: da
game-hours: 859.2
review: +++++
game-hours: 4.3
review: it was buggy and glitchy with microtransactions im sorry looks pretty but gameplay and soild fundations first please then graphics
game-hours: 7.2
review: Yes I downloaded the game. No I did not play it. I spent a bit making an account and when I clicked the link they gave me in the email this came up. "Invalid activation code. Please retry activating your key." I dont even understand what that means. So yeah, I read those super long steam reviews, good and bad, in the hopes that the game was bad so that I wouldn't like it anyway. Guess I'll never know.
game-hours: 249.9
review: Its an ok game, although the pay wall are slightly crazy, 24h and up to 72h wait are stupid and don't make sense, never pay to skip, you are paying "nothing"
game-hours: 784.5
review: This Game ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 29.0
review: i cant play it my screen is all black pls help
game-hours: 0.5
review: Was fun. Won't go into detail since it's probably been updated since I played it. Just know that you need a GOOD Internet connection (and a decent computer) to run this game. Internet part is just for co-op. Honestly, this is better on console, so if you have an Xbox One, get Warframe on that (it's still free)!
game-hours: 8.3
review: A repetative, samey third-person-shooter with no real entertainment value. The constant micro-managing of upgrades and the same enemies through the same corridors for the same missions over and over, doesn't appeal to me at all. Worst of all is that the game LOCKS your Warframe when you choose it, and won't allow you to change it for a MINIMUM of 4 days, and that's AFTER you've spent HOURS searching for RANDOM DROPS for the resources you need to construct a new Warframe. All-in-all, not a very good game.
game-hours: 16.5
review: good for uninstallation
game-hours: 9.5
review: nope
game-hours: 600.9
review: 10/10, pick warframe, max level it, pick another one, farm parts and build it. max level it have fun. Not pay to win. very fun starting up. +Looks very good, +gets updated a lot +a lot to do +good game to transfer from consule to pc gaming. -late game, a lot of farming to do I am max level but there are some items needed to level up that you can not get in game anymore. I am missing ~8 items becuase i started playing this just before it came out on steam. If you start playing this, play it as soon as possbile and get all weapons so when they go out the game, you still have them. Still very fun and the problem I said about weapons doesnt isnt a problem until very late game where you have done EVERYTHING else.
game-hours: 10.8
review: pretty good game
game-hours: 11.0
review: basically a f2p game dat is p2w in tearms of da customumiziasition comp dat goes oin. if ya like simplistic stoawy boards and da source n.jin grafics and the lack of explonashons den downlod todai! (   ) 3edgy5me
game-hours: 0.8
review: it always crash on me
game-hours: 3.4
review: all the missions seem as i'm re-doing them over and over again.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Not for me. Played the beginning mission, got to the loading screen and it just kept loading. Im sure this game has a lot of cool stuff to offer if more time is put into it. Its free try it and make up your own mind.
game-hours: 41.7
review: I really love this game, it has a destiny feel but its much more advanced and built for people who know their way around a keyboard like only a pc gamer would. Also has that open PC feel we all love
game-hours: 127.1
review: I don't actually play Warframe.
game-hours: 7.1
review: Good game. I love it its really Sexy, and sexy Oh, and sexy
game-hours: 24.2
review: good looking
game-hours: 224.2
review: Great Game
game-hours: 145.0
review: Its a really damn fun game, Quite high paced at times but all in all a Great game! Its a free to play AND you can get most of the weapons through just farming the matiriels! So yeah. give it a go. what have you got the loose eh?
game-hours: 787.0
review: love it
game-hours: 32.9
review: Good but need more contentz plz <3 1 star / 24235457567768765654654.2 starz
game-hours: 332.0
review: Star wars + space ninjas - jedi = warframe.
game-hours: 240.7
review: Grinding or donating, PvP bad, PvE fun.
game-hours: 1.4
review: I dont play this game ba.... :)))
game-hours: 1708.8
review: The game is free so you might want to try out Warframe's solid gameplay mechanics if you have the time to satiate your curiosity. Just keep in mind that the longer you play the game, the more you'll likely feel annoyed due to bugs, connectivity issues, excessive grinding, and that one of the hardest parts of the game is probably around the first few days of your game time. The community can also be a bit harsh at times - just to prepare you mentally. If you can get beyond that, I'd like to recommend you to stick a little while longer.
game-hours: 247.9
review: Warframe is an Awesome 3rd Person Mutliplayer Coop Shooter, there is variety of Bosses, Characters and Planets. I Would Dislike only the same interior of some maps but when its only an interior its supposed to be on a spaceship so it makes sense why on different planets and same factions are same interiors of Ships. The Exterior of Planets is Amazing, rain, snow or sun. Characters and building: there are many Characters or Warframes, usualy you will have to scavange blueprints and parts for it through bosses of some planets but it doesn't take long time to "farm" but the longest is the building it self: Parts for Warframes: 12 hours, Warframe it self: 3 entire days. There are 5 Factions: |Grineer|- Enemies from Earth. |Corpus|- technologically advanced humans that have a variety of troops and drones. |Orokin|: Corrupted by power and eternal live theese Soldiers Live Longer than every other faction, unless you came and kill them all, |Infested|: All Kinds of Other Factions and some exclusive Infested Enemies, these are things are infected with some sort of biological weapon or virus. |Tenno|: Ancient warriors that fight for freedom and truth and you playing as one of their Soldiers, Tenno are the only ones that can controle the Warframes and their power. Nice things!: +Graphics! + Character and Weapons variety + Mods that can change entire game + Updates that always add a Warframe and Guns + Alerts or Time Limited mission plus Challanges + Stalker and Other Assasins that can suprise you and drop something good if killed Not so nice things about this game: - Long Building times that can only be skipped by paying 5$ - Hard Levling up on profile level that rewards you with acces to weapons. - Sometimes awfull long loading and Ping Problems. Unselected: +/ - Platinum isn't soo needed but you can buy Completed weapons and Warframes for it also some Prime Gear. I would give this game a perfect score of 97/100 Cause of its variety and Updates that always add something new! Please if you will notice any mistake feel free to write it down. Sorry for any Mistaked that could i have made, your RedyD.
game-hours: 11.5
review: Erinnerung ... Grafik schaut gut aus, steuerung ist gewhungsbedrftig
game-hours: 389.4
review: Warframe is a game that starts a new genre of action games. For now it is available in Beta which grows very quickly and he are added new warframes, weapons and other items as well as items are created a new kind. The game itself is quite addictive. The idea per game is worth admiration. The battle between Corus Greener and Tenno. Yourself you become one of the Tenno Featuring new warframe body.
game-hours: 7.3
review: Awesome 3rd person game . You are a ninja with so many weapons , and u shoot everything that is moving , what is better then that ? .
game-hours: 120.4
review: the game is great so far
game-hours: 1075.3
review: The game is a great third person shooter with fun melee. Space stealth make it even better. The only drawback is how long it takes to grind. 9/10
game-hours: 1081.6
review: Great game. Updates daily and hotfixes daily. New stuff everytime.
game-hours: 193.2
review: Badabing Badaboom. -MLK
game-hours: 3.4
review: NIcee
game-hours: 253.0
review: Overtheshoulder FPS with robot ninjas in space. I personally love going around getting stuff to craft new weapons and warframes. Only limitation to f2p players is that you have limited inventory space and platinum is mostly used to cut down the grinding and waiting process to build stuff and cosmetics.
game-hours: 250.7
review: This is first MMO I have played that is so f2p friendly and it's not pay2win.
game-hours: 488.5
review: Amazingly full and packed full of gameplay to keep you entertained for a long while.
game-hours: 668.8
review: Warframe is the best free to play game in my opinion.
game-hours: 0.2
review: :) 10|10
game-hours: 470.8
review: like being OP? yes? get this game! no? get this game! like swords and knives? yes? get this game! no? get this game! like guns? yes? get this game! no? get this game! like being a bad  in every way? yes? get this game! no? ......... 0-o WHAT?????????? like having super awesome abilaties? yes? get this game! no? ok just stop playing games like being stealthy ? yes? get this game! no? get this game! so yeah it all comes down to this ========================= GET THIS GAME !!! 10/10 :P
game-hours: 1722.5
review: Warframe Very good game.
game-hours: 61.0
review: just play it
game-hours: 668.6
review: this game sucks
game-hours: 80.4
review: games not bad but not as good as i expected
game-hours: 167.2
review: i love this game and its super action packed.
game-hours: 0.5
review: I wish that i could play but it keeps on saying to me that their is an update that can't be installed and that i have to close the program and start it again. Can someone please help me with this i really do wish i can play this game
game-hours: 41.5
review: outstanding game boi
game-hours: 35.5
review: like star wars on acid! if you love WoW and beutiful designs/artwork with a fast paste game with a big universe and tons of things to customise then this is it! and you get to play as a super ninja from the future!
game-hours: 12.9
review: I'm hard
game-hours: 11.5
review: I like this game but to get other chars its too dificult because of this 8/10
game-hours: 132.5
review: a lot of fun find some friends and spend some time playing the time will just fly.
game-hours: 29.0
review: Ok meme
game-hours: 52.9
review: This game is brilliant! Just the occasional arm or other random body part flying off in different directions... This is a highly recommended game if you ask me! I give this a 10/10 Definately would play again! :D
game-hours: 38.6
review: I enjoy the game a lot. Been with the game since Beta. At first take a bit to learn the controls but after it's great. Don't really care about grinding to get cool items since I enjoy doing the missions and playing with friend. So far one of the best Free to Play games ever and how it done right. Love the graphics and battle format and shooting and swords fighting. Ninja! Jumping off walls. Hopefully the game will stay awsome till the end.
game-hours: 112.3
review: good game
game-hours: 8.0
review: da
game-hours: 859.2
review: +++++
game-hours: 10.6
review: Such a great game to play
game-hours: 0.5
review: a piece of badness because I cant play on it
game-hours: 67.5
review: If you like rushing maps as fast as possible, ignoring graphics, ignoring drops, just rushing the same map over and over and over, watching the back of the head of the guy who can load levels that tiny bit faster than you can. Then this game is for you. You don't feel like you're in space or even in a refreshing game, you feel like you are running a marathon.
game-hours: 1019.0
review: Unless you like to waste your life grinding (steep grind) for materials to craft everything or spend a ton of money (a lot) just to unlock everything, otherwise avoid this game. Every update continues to make it progressively more buy to play, and not at a cheap price. Been playing for over a year and over 500 hours in it. I am just sad at the way the game has gone that everything is a grind now.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Don't be fooled by my steam profile, I have 400+ hours on this game from before i started playing on steam. The first few months were good, but I left for a while because of work and computer issues. When I came back, the damage system was completely different, and all of the maps and missions got very repetitive. As my friends all left the game, I noticed that the only reason that I played was because of the co-op with my friends. If you have no one to play with, it gets pretty boring and repetitive.
game-hours: 0.3
review: This game won't run in full screen under Windows 8.1, at least with my high-end new nvidia GPU. Can't recommend wasting the download time for a game that won't run...
game-hours: 4.9
review: I hate wave based combat.
game-hours: 8.1
review: Game is "pay to not grind"
game-hours: 4.5
review: Do you wish to grind for weeks to get one nwe item? Months for a warframe? Years for anything else? Well then this game is for you! 3 runs of a level and you will know the other maps like the back of your hand! Everything looks the exact same, the layouts are not really that random, its grindy, its repetative and there is no feeling of progression whatso ever. Why you ask? Because there is a cash shop, and they want you to buy from there to get the best items and warframes and such you can. The New UI causes so much Frame Lag that I actually had to turn everything down. The old UI was better than this grabage they have now but you will never see it again. The mobs, they are all the same. Nothing special about them at all and the boss fights, they are just the same mobs you have been fighting with maybe one or 2 special moves but they are still the same thing. With lots of hp tho! Not a good game unless you feel like grinding for no joke weeks at a time to get what you need in the same map over and over and over again.
game-hours: 1878.3
review: After spending 100's of hours playing this game, I can verify that this game is initially extremely fun to play. However, once you've gotten to a certain point in the game where you've done all the missions and have certain weapons you prefer, the game loses its sense of entertainment. Besides the fact that the game is already completely littered with irritating grinding scenarios just to be able to use a new gun or do a special mission, there's no campaign nor any sign of the developers approaching a campaign any time soon. Another major issue is the huge lack of love for veterans in this game. The game's answer to dull gameplay is simply releasing more and more weapons and warframes. Warframes are ok, but the ratio of weapons is ridiculous. 1 decent late game weapon will get released to every 5-6 newbie weapons that get made. And, to a sense, there's nothing wrong with that. However, anyone who plays games is going to know that going for late game is more important because it makes doing events and bigger, more difficult missions easier. Its the point of becoming stronger. Yet this game bombards new players with too many weapons. Some of which are completely useless. And finally, the amount of involvement that whatever amount of story supposedly exists in this game is non-existant. The point of having the events and picking sides was for the players to determine the future of the game's history. And yet, if everyone decides to side with the evil side, the good side will always win. Or the developers try to make it a no brainer for the players by making one reward completely trash in comparison to the other side's reward. I wish I could get back into this game but, at this rate, its almost like keeping up with a comic that you wish would move on and get to the point. You check back in every month or so just to see what's changed or what -hasn't- happened and then you ignore it for another month or so. Its frustrating to say the least. All in all, its a well made game. But the developers aren't listening to the community like they said they would. Its a shame too.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Extremely pay to win
game-hours: 432.3
review: Kweh
game-hours: 458.9
review: Warframe is incredible!
game-hours: 5.8
review: Frigin 200 dollars for dlc op
game-hours: 2.1
review: good
game-hours: 1913.4
review: Played a little bit. It's kinda good.
game-hours: 45.4
review: Warframe is the best game ever I have fallen in love with it :)
game-hours: 204.8
review: warframe is about being a shark space ninja how cool is that wow 2/10
game-hours: 705.7
review: Set in the dark distant future, where space wizards wear magic suits to battle clones, robots, zombie clones and robots, and balls of steel. All joking aside, Warframe is a very nice distraction from the mundane everyday. With almost one event every month, and constant updates, you're (almost) never going to run out of thing to do. Just make sure to watch out for roller balls.
game-hours: 704.2
review: Ninja Space Pirate Bounty Hunter Crysis Suit Fun! This game is thoroughly enjoyable with alot of replayability with various warframe to try and level with a in-depth user interface and modding system. This is NOT a pay to win game. You only have to pay if you wish to further your enjoyment of the game. This game has earned what little money I have spent on it so far with 80+ hours of game time within a week. I am hooked and I have manged to make a warframe and duel pistols which I COULD pay for but instead I played to earn the required parts. This game is awesome. It looks great and plays great and its only in Beta. Minor issues arise every now and then but I expect those will be handled before the complete release. GET YO  IN THIS GAME!
game-hours: 290.9
review: ddddd
game-hours: 8.9
review: THIS GAME DESTROYS YOUR COMPUTER DON'T GET IT
game-hours: 1.2
review: very laggy
game-hours: 4.4
review: Pay to win !
game-hours: 7.1
review: The game has a lot of enticing artwork, and the gameplay itself isn't that bad. BUT, the amount of emphises the game puts on item transactions breaks the game. There aren't many proper tutorials that explain the game features either that lead to a lot of frustration.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Boring.
game-hours: 5.2
review: every time i try and play the game it fails to update never got to play it
game-hours: 1.4
review: Nice graphics for a free to play game, but the gameplay is dull. The story is pretty vague for the most part, the party function is almost broken, and I occasionally get tossed into missions that are halfway done. It's not a horrible game, but it's not great either.
game-hours: 1.8
review: Lets say, it was free for a reason, basic storyline, and average graphics aren't a good combo.
game-hours: 13.8
review: Way too expensive to play......
game-hours: 2.3
review: Meh!
game-hours: 456.3
review: When it first came out it was good, but with change after change the developers watered down the warframes and made this a pay-to-win game instead of a free-to-play game. It was good while it lasted, but you're better off getting something else. Path of Exile is easily the best F2P game, and yes, I've thrown them money for a job well done.
game-hours: 93.7
review: Warframe=good game,WAS a lot of fun,now I  new in-game trailer,whole story, the game is now complectly changed,but..... Everyone now is lost,on chat are messeges,that sound funny before update,but now there are serious problem;to unlock "full ship" need defeat a few boses,which is to new in-game are too far from beggining,traning is now med,but fixed ;) () I think that is nice to relase update,but this update.......it's a huge mess. I don't dis-recommend this game,but take my advice=don't play this game untill "the mess" won't be that messy as now Later Edma19
game-hours: 2.7
review: While it may be free, the interface is very confusing and it seems very P2W. I'd suggest saving the disk space for another game
game-hours: 1.0
review: the frame rate of this game is terrible, good graphics looks fun to play but horrible frame rate
game-hours: 125.5
review: wait for the developer to fix all the bug, good game, but many bugs
game-hours: 7.1
review: Simply stated, don't call a game "Free To Play" when you have to pay real money to have ANY sort of fun. Micro-transactions are the biggest pain in the  in the gaming world. This game feels more like some EA p.o.s., rather than an independent developer's. And by the way, your new update killed the game for me completely.
game-hours: 35.0
review: it's quite fun, but the constant asking for money sort of kills the enjoyment
game-hours: 41.5
review: It was a lot of fun until one day it just wouldn't let me log in anymore. Thanks Warframe.
game-hours: 22.7
review: Warframe is a fun game for the first few hours of play. After those few enjoyable hours you'll begin to see that the only thing left the game has to offer is repetition in it's combat, enemies and game play. The one major high point for the game is that the developers are working hard and do semi-frequent updates that generally include a lot of content from sweeping changes to some of the game's systems, new warframes and other tweaks/features. It's a good game to play casually. Though I doubt it will hold your attention beyond a few months unless you just really like grinding. The upside to all of this is that the game is free so I'd recommend trying it out. If you're looking for a quick fix, try it out. There are better games out there.
game-hours: 1.2
review: crap
game-hours: 0.8
review: Yet another disappointing free to play game. What is it nowadays with these games overcomplicating everything? Nobody cares about story or context. No-one wants to spend time in unintuitive user interfaces. A free-to-play should be instant jump in and play without the need for a tutorial. Warframe is yet another brick in the wall of free to play games that make no effort to attract your attention unless you are willing to play it for hundreds of hours. The graphics are horrible, controls aren't smooth and general gameplay is dull.
game-hours: 341.3
review: Legalzinho, mas degringolou =[ ='[
game-hours: 5.0
review: It was fun at first, then got really really really really BOOOORRINNNG and repeative and they want me to spend money on upgrades? I rather spend money on hookers.
game-hours: 4.0
review: I do not like this game so far. Levels are confusing, combat is repetative, and the UI is poorly laid out. I cannot figure out how to find, make, or otherwise equip new gear. I cannot figure out where I'm supposed to get or equip new abilities. Character levels don't seem to provide any clear or obvious benefit. If there are stats that level, I do not know how to see them. Missions are lengthy and a pain in the  to finish, with very unclear rewards. Players will randomly join and leave missions, causing the difficulty to jump around during gameplay. Also, I've been randomly forced into missions from the character and mission selection screens seemingly at random. Lastly, the 'world' seems completely linear. I have not tried to play with my friends yet, but the serial (gated) nature of the starting missions makes me wonder how easy that will be.
game-hours: 132.5
review: I know I'm a harsh reviewer, but some positive reviews of this game really baffles me. the physics in this game have been programmed by an 8 years old. your character moves and especially jumps in an horrendously wierd way, like any time makes me say "what?!?!" and so you never know what to expect, thus making it quite difficult to control and to make him do what you want to do. yeah, I suppose that if you play it extensively you can get accustomed to crappy physics too, but why bother? This makes melee combat a total joke. Ranged combat is not bad, but it's really not enough. Even more... there's no pvp, just co-op.
game-hours: 5.4
review: Coll effects and a nice art style don't mask the big grind for even basic gear and repetitive levels and enemies.
game-hours: 0.4
review: its not for me call of duty ftw
game-hours: 34.1
review: Too much grinding and the gameplay that's decent in the first 5 hours or so gets boring really fast. Low enemy and environment variety.
game-hours: 0.5
review: a piece of badness because I cant play on it
game-hours: 67.5
review: If you like rushing maps as fast as possible, ignoring graphics, ignoring drops, just rushing the same map over and over and over, watching the back of the head of the guy who can load levels that tiny bit faster than you can. Then this game is for you. You don't feel like you're in space or even in a refreshing game, you feel like you are running a marathon.
game-hours: 1019.0
review: Unless you like to waste your life grinding (steep grind) for materials to craft everything or spend a ton of money (a lot) just to unlock everything, otherwise avoid this game. Every update continues to make it progressively more buy to play, and not at a cheap price. Been playing for over a year and over 500 hours in it. I am just sad at the way the game has gone that everything is a grind now.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Don't be fooled by my steam profile, I have 400+ hours on this game from before i started playing on steam. The first few months were good, but I left for a while because of work and computer issues. When I came back, the damage system was completely different, and all of the maps and missions got very repetitive. As my friends all left the game, I noticed that the only reason that I played was because of the co-op with my friends. If you have no one to play with, it gets pretty boring and repetitive.
game-hours: 0.3
review: This game won't run in full screen under Windows 8.1, at least with my high-end new nvidia GPU. Can't recommend wasting the download time for a game that won't run...
game-hours: 4.9
review: I hate wave based combat.
game-hours: 8.1
review: Game is "pay to not grind"
game-hours: 4.5
review: Do you wish to grind for weeks to get one nwe item? Months for a warframe? Years for anything else? Well then this game is for you! 3 runs of a level and you will know the other maps like the back of your hand! Everything looks the exact same, the layouts are not really that random, its grindy, its repetative and there is no feeling of progression whatso ever. Why you ask? Because there is a cash shop, and they want you to buy from there to get the best items and warframes and such you can. The New UI causes so much Frame Lag that I actually had to turn everything down. The old UI was better than this grabage they have now but you will never see it again. The mobs, they are all the same. Nothing special about them at all and the boss fights, they are just the same mobs you have been fighting with maybe one or 2 special moves but they are still the same thing. With lots of hp tho! Not a good game unless you feel like grinding for no joke weeks at a time to get what you need in the same map over and over and over again.
game-hours: 1878.3
review: After spending 100's of hours playing this game, I can verify that this game is initially extremely fun to play. However, once you've gotten to a certain point in the game where you've done all the missions and have certain weapons you prefer, the game loses its sense of entertainment. Besides the fact that the game is already completely littered with irritating grinding scenarios just to be able to use a new gun or do a special mission, there's no campaign nor any sign of the developers approaching a campaign any time soon. Another major issue is the huge lack of love for veterans in this game. The game's answer to dull gameplay is simply releasing more and more weapons and warframes. Warframes are ok, but the ratio of weapons is ridiculous. 1 decent late game weapon will get released to every 5-6 newbie weapons that get made. And, to a sense, there's nothing wrong with that. However, anyone who plays games is going to know that going for late game is more important because it makes doing events and bigger, more difficult missions easier. Its the point of becoming stronger. Yet this game bombards new players with too many weapons. Some of which are completely useless. And finally, the amount of involvement that whatever amount of story supposedly exists in this game is non-existant. The point of having the events and picking sides was for the players to determine the future of the game's history. And yet, if everyone decides to side with the evil side, the good side will always win. Or the developers try to make it a no brainer for the players by making one reward completely trash in comparison to the other side's reward. I wish I could get back into this game but, at this rate, its almost like keeping up with a comic that you wish would move on and get to the point. You check back in every month or so just to see what's changed or what -hasn't- happened and then you ignore it for another month or so. Its frustrating to say the least. All in all, its a well made game. But the developers aren't listening to the community like they said they would. Its a shame too.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Extremely pay to win
game-hours: 41.6
review: Boring and repetative
game-hours: 15.2
review: This game is overrated people go on and on and on about this game when truly, its just not good.
game-hours: 853.2
review: This game, man I've played it a lot and in truth, I can't honestly tell you why. It isn't terrible, no where close in fact, but the developers just don't seem to want to advance it beyond anything more than a concept. As a result there still is virtually no campaign to speek of. The game consists solely of grinding the same missions (sometimes 100s of times) to get items and blueprints to build new weapons and frames... and thats about it. What's annoying is the fact that, if the developers actually tried to make the gameplay (beyond farming for farmings sake) better then there is a lot of potential for a really good game here. Unfortunatly, after having played since the middle of last year I can't really see this happening ever. With each update comes more frames and weapons to grind, but beyond small UI changes and fixes to bugs no progress in expanding the game is really made. If you do decide to play this, just bear in mind that beyond just farming for materials etc there is nothing else to keep your enjoyment. A great concept let down by poor developement vision and foresight.
game-hours: 0.7
review: I only played for 15 minutes. The intro and one mission. Then I was left to try and figure out where to go next and for some reason, everything was locked off and I couldn't go further and TBH, I couldn't care to go further. If you enjoy it, great... But I found it to be esoteric and terse, which is not a very good feeling to have by a new player. Maybe in the future, when I feel like checking it out, I will google some video tutorials on youtube but not tonight.
game-hours: 2.1
review: if you hav nothing better to do this is the game for you.
game-hours: 1.0
review: too much updates. but it is still an ok-ish game 5/10
game-hours: 84.0
review: Very intriguing game but its for people that want to play one thing over and over and over.Tho it has stunning graphics and a wonderful story and a creative gameplay.It lacks adventure.I would recommend it to people that want to play something for some time for not any apparent reason.
game-hours: 1.5
review: its boring and doesnt reallly put u in any real action
game-hours: 52.3
review: Mass Effect 3.  .  .
game-hours: 5.1
review: why i keep repeating the tutorial -.-
game-hours: 8.9
review: THIS GAME DESTROYS YOUR COMPUTER DON'T GET IT
game-hours: 1.2
review: very laggy
game-hours: 345.4
review: This story requires a bit of setup. Last year, a friend of mine whom I'd known from gaming for a long time contacted me and told me about this great new game that was in beta that he was backing as a founder (called a "Grandmaster" in-game) called Warframe. A third person cooperative shooter with elements of Phantasy Star Online/Diablo loot runs, procedurally generated levels, and more content being added all the time. The game was difficult to start, as there are many keys for various secret parkour maneuvers. Running along walls! Sliding down ziplines! Soon, I was completely hooked; my friend and I were playing late into the night, trying to grind out just one more piece necessary to build a new component or weapon, or trying to beat our best time on the Survival missions -- where you fend off an ever growing wave of foes as life support ticks down. Over the year, there were many great victories, hair raising last second escapes, and new friends joining our little group. Many hours were spent joking around with each other on Skype, cracking jokes, blasting weird songs at each other, and coming up with our own stupid little catchphrases. Flash forward a year; Warframe now has space combat, new Warframes, new weapons, and new combat controls. The game still has its original style, but it's so much improved. Last week, our four player regular team developed some incredible strategies that let us get further than we ever had on wave defense missions. The only thing that made us stop was getting tired. On Tuesday, my friend who invited me to the game a year ago didn't show up that night. I found out on Wednesday that he had passed away suddenly from an undiagnosed health condition. The shock of it is still hitting us hard. The friendships that we had formed through the game, gone in an instant. It hardly feels real. I keep expecting him to log in and be there, ready to do another defense mission, and it's difficult to accept that we'll be going it alone now. We contacted Digital Extremes, the company that makes the game, and asked if there was anything we could do. They dedicated their 11/20/2014 episode of their webcast to the memory of our friend and read our memorials to him on the air. Their reactions were heartfelt and touching. They really do listen to and react to the community. I not only recommend the game for how much fun it is (I recommend you play it with a group of friends on voice chat -- up to four per session; your gameplay experience may vary alone, and form a clan or join one just because many items are clan-only), I recommend it for how responsive the game developers are to the community. They constantly improve it and add new content, items, and weapons. There is a storyline that is unfolding. The voice acting is delightful. You could easily play this game without spending a single dollar of real world currency on it (real world currency is used for cosmetics and increasing the number of Warframes and weapons you can own, or buying things that you can't wait for). Thanks, Digital Extremes. And rest in peace, Woxit.
game-hours: 2495.1
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download Warframe 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play Warframe 3) Grind for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself; that's how sure I was that it would work. Edit: A few people are adding me for help on WF. Feel free to add me if you wish, and I'll try my best to accept and answer any questions you may have, but just know I may not have time to play more than a few rounds with you :c Sorry.
game-hours: 516.2
review: first week: its ok Second week: cool game Third week: wow, great game fourth week: 300 hours? this cant be right! fifth week: 430 hours, i have a problem...
game-hours: 524.9
review: they should add skateboards for all the grinding you do
game-hours: 2946.2
review: It's like a real life girlfriend. Only far less expensive and easier to grind.
game-hours: 118.7
review: | Update (24/4/14): It has been a fairly significant chunk of time since I wrote this review of Warframe, and some elements of the game have been expanded upon in ways that alleviate some of the issues I originally had. The premium currency, platinum, can now be traded between players. This provides an option for players who do not wish to put money into the game but want to participate in using the storefront. Users in the comments have pointed out that there are many powerful items which are not available in the store - if you want them, you'll need to grind. Multiple new game modes exist, including "Invasion", a mode which allows players to team up together with the Corpus or the Grineer to work against the opposing faction. This mode gives the player some agency in the kinds of rewards he receives for completing the mission. The latest update introduced Melee 2.0, which delivered improvements to the game's melee combat. The most interesting update comes in the form of Dark Sectors. Clans and alliances can own parts of the Solar System, and can fight for that contested ownership. Clans and Alliances can also set tax and resource requirements on anyone who accesses their conquered territories, leading to territorial battles for supremacy. In conclusion, a decent amount of content has been added to the game. While the core argument of my review holds true, Warframe is finally approaching the level of depth required to elevate itself above a mere grinding game. The new "EVE Online"-esque sector mechanics are particularly promising in that regard. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | Original Review (25/11/13) A great-looking, initially interesting game that feels like one compelling part of what should be a greater whole. Warframe is an interesting entry in the free to play space. It has the looks and the gameplay, but after a while it begins to feel lacking in the way of substance. Gameplay largely involves clearing your way through various missions types as you progress in rank, leveling up your weapons and your Warframe (the game's metaphor for various Classes, each having their own unique abilities, advantages, disadvantages and so on) as you shoot a myriad of alien Grineer, infested hordes, and Corpus robots. Missions range from rescue scenarios where a hostage must be located and escorted to safety, to mobile defense missions where waves of increasingly difficult enemies must be held off as you protect a moving objective. These can all be completed solo, but are made more interesting by grouping up with other players. Higher level missions are tricky by yourself, making teaming up the more attractive proposition. Weapons and Warframes can be augmented with various modifcations that apply the standard Action RPG fare - elemental damage bonuses, increased critical hit damage, faster reload speeds, you name it. This allows for some diversity in gameplay between players, where you may opt to build out your Warframe in a more supportive role, or stock up on mods which provide a more tanky character. So far the game has been well supported with semi-regular content updates and special events, usually in the form of new warframes and weapons, and a "community effort" in which everyone can participate. The only "issue" is that the game is a bit of a grind. In fact, it's a complete grinding game. The main reason for going on missions is in the hopes of accumulating various materials with which to craft the new warframes or weapons. You can use the games "premium" currency to expedite the process of manufacturing said items (which take hours, days of real time to craft) or simply buy them outright from a storefront. Why do you want these new weapons and warframes? To grind more efficiently for materials. This might strike you as a monotonous loop, and to an extent it is, but the joy of the gameplay itself goes a way to allievating the game from being a total bore. Inevitably though you may become tired of the treadmill. The game sometimes feels like it is skirting the boundaries of being gross about its "free to play" nature - you can certainly get almost everything in the game without spending if you're willing to commit to the grind, but it can sometimes feel like game systems are designed to encourage you to give up and bring out your wallet - namely the sheer amount of materials required to craft better equipment, and the time spent waiting for these items to actually be built. It's always questionable when a F2P game includes a long timer alongside a button to make it go away for just a few pounds. Ultimately, if you're just looking for a good looking, nice playing third person shooter with online components and a decent aesthetic, you can do far worse than Warframe. After spending some time with it, however, you might wind up wishing there was a little more to the experience beyond what is currently available.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat Feeling badass flipping off walls and chopping dudes up Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play Might destroy Relationship/Marriage Could cause loss of feeling in  Might cause loss of friends 10/10
game-hours: 401.9
review: I bought a space gun using my space money, i used said gun on space zombies, I casted space magic on said space zombies, then i space ninja'd my way to the space boss, where i used my space parkour and my space sword to space kill him, I then returned to my space ship were i rubbed the space belly of my space dog. Today was a good day.
game-hours: 2945.3
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. And to top it all off, everything that impacts gameplay can be obtained for free. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Start game ---- create an account --- choose warframe --- play game --- kill enemies/rescue buddies/defend a pod/etc --- kill bosses --- open new planets --- rank up --- build new warframe --- find clan --- build new warframe --- farm farm farm --- build new weapon --- farm farm farm --- build new warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build new sentry --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a Kubrow --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a prime weapon --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- build a Prime warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- play the same new event mission x5 --- gain new mods --- polarize weapon --- XP XP XP XP XP --- need credits - T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- NEW UPDATE ---- FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING --- go build arch wing - "No resources" --- farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm - build arch wing *NO CREDITS* --- T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- build archwing *** waits 36 hours*** thats pretty much my experience on Warframe --- 10/10 ---
game-hours: 2.7
review: While it may be free, the interface is very confusing and it seems very P2W. I'd suggest saving the disk space for another game
game-hours: 1.0
review: the frame rate of this game is terrible, good graphics looks fun to play but horrible frame rate
game-hours: 125.5
review: wait for the developer to fix all the bug, good game, but many bugs
game-hours: 7.1
review: Simply stated, don't call a game "Free To Play" when you have to pay real money to have ANY sort of fun. Micro-transactions are the biggest pain in the  in the gaming world. This game feels more like some EA p.o.s., rather than an independent developer's. And by the way, your new update killed the game for me completely.
game-hours: 35.0
review: it's quite fun, but the constant asking for money sort of kills the enjoyment
game-hours: 41.5
review: It was a lot of fun until one day it just wouldn't let me log in anymore. Thanks Warframe.
game-hours: 22.7
review: Warframe is a fun game for the first few hours of play. After those few enjoyable hours you'll begin to see that the only thing left the game has to offer is repetition in it's combat, enemies and game play. The one major high point for the game is that the developers are working hard and do semi-frequent updates that generally include a lot of content from sweeping changes to some of the game's systems, new warframes and other tweaks/features. It's a good game to play casually. Though I doubt it will hold your attention beyond a few months unless you just really like grinding. The upside to all of this is that the game is free so I'd recommend trying it out. If you're looking for a quick fix, try it out. There are better games out there.
game-hours: 1.2
review: crap
game-hours: 2.1
review: This is basically a fancy grind fest. The only polished thing in this game is graphics.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Kinda cool but the menu system was kind of annoying, and single-player was stupid easy.. In multiplayer there was a challenge but its super real money orientated.
game-hours: 113.2
review: Gets old. Fast.
game-hours: 5.2
review: Soooo boring, even with friends. It's all a looong grind, each mission being the same as the previous.
game-hours: 203.8
review: This game is great if you want to rage about not getting in a game session with your friends. The people who play this just rush through the levels, triggering enemy spawns getting your  killed if your going through opening all the containers. This game is so ed there is no hope. Reviewed on 6/30/14
game-hours: 9.3
review: it is wierd how i can't start it
game-hours: 1.3
review: I can't even begin to express how boring this game is. it's the kind of game that looks amazing but feels half-baked. the gameplay is shallow and repetitve right from the start, the story is non-existant, it's grinding throughout and most importantly...the blade is weak. if your coming into this expecting revengance levels of precision and fun then you're in for disappointment. you may as well be swinging a baseball bat and since aiming your sword is the same as aiming your gun only in close-quaters you're likely to miss 80% of the time. if you must see for yourself then go ahead, it's free but I warned you it's not fun.
game-hours: 1.6
review: 2ninja4me
game-hours: 5.9
review: (UPDATE) I HATE SPENDING MONEY ON GAMES AND THIS  SET ME OFF THIS  IS WORST THAN TF2's REAL MONEY IN GAME STORE!
game-hours: 385.9
review: This was a good game for a while and now it is just starting to fall. The fact that you and mates cant even connect is just wrecking the game.
game-hours: 4.8
review: if you guys don't buy one of these Pack, you'll find yourself doing ,playing same map over and over, which makes me really sick
game-hours: 149.2
review: Warframe was fun for a while and running around as a space ninja is very cool, but it ended up being very repetitive after a time. Having only 3 factions to fight in the same boring corridors got old very quick. In addition, the way the mod system is designed mean that weapon and warframe upgrading essentially becomes dependent on the games Random Number Generator meaning that just playing for a long time does not guarantee any sort of improvement in a players stats. It eventualy felt like a grind to just find the right mods and it causes players to rush through levels just to reach the end instead of having fun fighting. The game is also very pushy about microtransactions by making some items completely unobtainable unless you purchase them with ingame money (platinum) and by making the creating of some items (namely, warframes) very tedious to do on your own by requiring you to posess the blueprints for 3 different parts, craft them each, then craft the final warframe with yet another bluerpint. By comparison, you can purchase the completed frame along with a pre-installed catalyst (an item that improves the mod capacity of a warframe) for a few bucks. I feel like I've had my fill of this game for now. Perhaps I will come back later if some serious changes are made to the progression system.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Every single time i put an Acount it wont let me start playing i checked again and the sing up was right
game-hours: 0.2
review: Cant update ... i reinstalled it 7 times ...
game-hours: 15.0
review: Will not reccomend this game to anyone, I truly only played this game for about 10 min, that 15 hours played thing was the time that it took to update this game, since this game has huge upadates and does not update through steam it can only update when you want to play the game. I truly reccomend not getting this game until it is out of beta.
game-hours: 0.4
review: I downloaded it overnight hoping to play it the next day. So the next day comes and I'm about to play it. It checks for updates and does all that stuff. Then I create an account in login. I start watching the cinematic at the start of the turoial and then it comes my turn to play... I move around for a bit while listening to Lotus speaking to me. At the moment she says "This shows vital signs like youe health" my game crashes. After attempting another two times to find it crashes at the same point I validate the cache files only to find out it's missing 11 files and wants to download the whole game again. I'm not even gonna bother... I'm sure it's a great game but this experience has really set me off.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Its okay,
game-hours: 12.0
review: boring 3-rd person shoot-em-all
game-hours: 12.8
review: Its quite good yes i know, i played it for 12 hours but after that it just seemed pointless whitout buying things, because i couldnt get a better weapon/warframe after 12 hours of grinding, really stay away from this game, unelss you want to wait 24 hours before next rank, or 15 hour to craft a helmet, THIS IS A REAL P2WIN GAME horibble, but its quite good if you pay alot of money;)
game-hours: 1.4
review: One of the worst games you could ever play. I would explain why... but it isn't worth my time, nor is it yours.
game-hours: 4.9
review: suck
game-hours: 19.3
review: it's a big p2w but you can unlock all those things which can be bought by real money with game money but also you have to work a lot for it with crafting system and except the harsh true that no cutscenes and a hardcore storyline it`s fun to slash your enemies and stuff but also there are tons of hackers and you can complete mos missions by just running
game-hours: 0.6
review: This sucks
game-hours: 95.1
review: Bit .
game-hours: 17.2
review: Its free and fun to play until you realize all the best warframes and weapons and stuff requires lots of grinding even then you gotta wait set amount of hours for your stuff to forge or you can pay money to unlock them out right(not worth it imo). Could of been great if the gameplay had more to it, just shoot through levels reach the end with different variations but in general the same concept. I liked the game but realized its just to grind heavy and bit pay-wallish to have any real fun. If you like games wear you can grind with buddies then go for it,otherwise theres plenty more ftp games to try. still had fun with it in the 16-17hrs i put in the game
game-hours: 297.3
review: I don't recommend this game to those who either have a budget,or time is something precious to you. It takes hours to find blueprints to make weapons. It may be easier for those with money or with alot of time,but for people like me with no mney and no time, things just go very wrong. High levels are high levels due to massive amounts of time they invest into the game including money as well. Some of you may disagree and say "That's not true,it isn't pay to win" or "it's easy to get materials and blueprints". Those of you who say that think to yourself how the late warframe gamers that log on for the first time ever,after the game has been out for a whole year, no one is i nthe nooby area, guilds consist of high levels going about there daily thing. While noobs can join in and try to take on high levels with their guilds. Nothing changes, time kicks in,the ability to stay alive long enough to get anything in a mission. It may just be my opinion,but for people who need to work for money,and can't sit around half the day to acquire materials and blueprints will see it a bit differently. The game have been easier back then, but it isn't now, The game has progress to far to support any new players,unless they have money to invest. So before you downlod this game and waste away a few GB think about what I wrote here.
game-hours: 111.3
review: Remember when you were able to play games with your friends? Yeah, I don't either.
game-hours: 353.3
review: Save yourself from this train wreck. Do not play it it will consume your life with disgusting social engineering. Space Farmville that disguises itself as an action shooter.
game-hours: 416.3
review: Pros : Hack and slash game with impressive visuals and faily stable client in a outer-space settings with fast paced combat that would be enjoyable to most casual players. Cons : The progression in Warframe is almost nonexistent. You could buy everything you need either from the in-game shop or from other players using real money currency "Platinum". The reward to effort ratio isn't designed well. Players refer to the reward distribution system as "RNG God" which is basically a lottery ticket system, you could spend countless hours farming a certian weapon or a component to no avail.The game starts with an average difficulty setting but as you progress it becomes even easier and less challenging. Enemies and levels do not scale well with how players do and it has been like this for a very long time. The development team is spending less time fixing certian "Broken" parameters in the game and more time on new content just to keep the majority of casual players around.
game-hours: 197.2
review: Honestly. This game is great, and it was one of my favorite time kills. However, it is a very demanding game. When I first started playing, having nothing and everything was new , the game offered me a great time sink with a "feel good" reward system as i progressed. At some point I hit a content wall, and had nothing more to do so I went off and played a few other games. The first few major updates kept me heavily invested, I have spent around 100 dollars or more because of how addictive the gameplay was. However as time went on, the game.. got more tedious. At the current place where my character is, I'd need to grind missions to get gear. I'm no fan of grinding, at all. And worse yet it's not "Light grinding" it's hardcore "PAYING FOR ADVANCEMENT IS EASIER WHY ARE YOU EVEN BOTHERING" kind of grinding now. To me, the game has died. It has so much more content now, but it feels like it is built moreso for those who are willing to pay, then the original "free players are competitive too" stance it originally started with. I would not recommend this game, unless you are strapped for cash. Although if that's the case you'll probably end up fustrated as i am with the demanded grind.
game-hours: 7.7
review: You can get all the technical stuff on the game elsewhere, a free-to-play, mostly co-operative sci-fi third-person shooter/melee action game etc. so I will just leave it at that. Sounds good in theory but here is my take on it after a few hours. Please bear in mind that I was playing solo for the first part of the game. Good bits:: - Wonderful visual style of the warframes i.e. design on the avatars. I've watched a fair few videos on the game and the suit/character customisation looks pretty amazing. Other designs are not really as good (See bad bits below). - Ability to comprehensively upgrade weapons, warframes etc. - You can slice enemies into multiple parts - always a crowd pleaser. - I do enjoy a bit of wall-running every now and then. And sliding. Sliding is good. - Technically proficient - mostly, apart from the AA which didn't appear to work on my machine and the non-terminating executable mentioned below. No crashes or massive bugs that I came across apart from a couple of wildly gyrating enemies, difficult to shoot them if they won't stand still. Bad bits:: - Some bad enemy design. At one point I was fighting what looked like men in boiler suits with buckets on their heads, which would have been great for comedic value had they not been the hardest enemies I had encountered until that point, harder than the armour wearing 'Grineer' space-marines I had just scythed through, which was a bit weird. Although I liked the robotic guns on legs! - Poor looking and unimaginative environments - might look a bit better with some sort of anti-aliasing that worked but I doubt it. - Poor encounter design - I didn't get too far with the game but the early enemies were mostly pretty easy but there would be massive difficulty spikes because this game goes with the cheap tactic of respawning enemies in rooms you have cleared and it does this very quickly. I was not able to hear the enemies at all due to the excessive environmental noise. Well, until they started to fire. And then you go down really quickly. Also apparently being shield barged knocks you down and entirely negates your shield, nothing I like better than lying on the ground and being shot to death by some noiseless, heavily armed b*****d who respawned and then crept up behind me. Classic. Respawning enemies out of thin air is a particular dislike of mine, generally it is a cheap/lazy design. This game did not even go to the trouble of making a 'reason' for their reappearance, i.e. a locked 'guard' room or other entrance. Every room is a 'monster closet'. It is a particluar issue for people who, like me, want to nose around the environments looking for loot etc. - Regarding loot - from what I could see there are very few weapons as loot, mostly just mods or blueprints for weapons. I knew this before I started but it is still a little strange and rather unexciting. Defeated enemies drop the cash out of their space-pockets but you can't loot their weapons? - There were a couple of environments that I found that had a whole load of healing items at the start of the levels where there were no enemies and no chance to be injured but very very few of them further in, I was at one point pretty desperate and down to 16 (I started with 140) health, looking in every container I could find I managed to find another 10 before the end of the level. I quite like the non-regenerating health, it adds a certain tension, but scouring the entire level for healing items (and re-killing the respawned enemies) does not really make for great game flow. - Irritating, repetitive 'hack' mechanism for alarms etc. - Incredibly annoying repetitive 'Lotus' npc - your constant comms companion - constantly telling me what I'd done or should do. Yet she wasn't particluarly good at telling me what I wanted to know as a noob, what should I be on the lookout for in the levels, what the enemy capabilities are etc. - Some really poor animation work. Notably the stealth melee attack - unless that was a bug. Really bad. Oh and the dog-things. - Plunging the new player into the story before they have had a chance to get their key mappings set up and graphics options adjusted is not, to my mind, a good idea. I found it a bit jarring. - Generally, you have the option to use up to 4 revives per actual day i.e. you get downed you use a revive to keep going, although it seems you are given more when you first install. I would be quite happy with one per mission but my problem with this is that if you used one revive per mission you could easily blow through them in a couple of hours and get a bit stuck. I'm guessing you can buy more in the cash shop. Nasty. - Cash shop seems very expensive. Ugly bits:: - No way to reset your avatar and start again (or delete your account) - once you have selected your starter weapons and warframe there didn't appear to be a way to change your mind about that, and no way that I could see to test them out - Game executable didn't unload on my machine causing me to get rid of it using Task Manager. - There is a 'test' for when you level up which seems simple enough but I managed to screw it up when my phone went off. I tried it again and it told me I couldn't take the test again for another 24 hours! That is not even remotely acceptable. Summary/TLDR:: I came into the game well aware of some of it's failings after having done a fair amount of research but ready to put any minor difficulties aside because I really like the sci-fi genre and shooting things in general, also the whole ninja thing is quite appealing. Unfortunately, I didn't last very long. In my opinion there just isn't enough here to like in order to put up with the free-to-play grind that the game clearly demands. For me, it became stale very quickly.
game-hours: 267.7
review: This game was very interesting and fun back in January but after a while I started to grow more distant to it each day, and I grew more fond of it each day. I quit for a few weeks back in May and I just could'nt stop the temtation to play this game again, so I played it again. Then there was the day Satan had a nasty plot : He made DE make Update 14 or should I say NUKE OF DEATH UPDATE THAT ALMOST NO ONE WILL ENJOY! After the update I was very very very angry, made a video on all the flaws they made at the time (note that there are still flaws I didn't go over), and stopped playing a game that I thought was one of the greatest games ever. I strongly suggest if you are new to this game you will be fine but quite a few vetrans like me quit because of the blights that they put on this game.
game-hours: 0.2
review: make it for mac
game-hours: 190.0
review: As it is now, it has potential but it gets boring and repetetive pretty fast. Missions are all basicly the same, go do something and face hordes of foes. Stealth doesnt seem to work and once you break stealth there are endless hordes of enemies who automaticly know where you are. It has potential as I said though, more imaginative missions or even a greater variety, fixing stealth and such would do the trick in my opinion.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Yet another anera shooter. Rather go classic and play some QIIIA.
game-hours: 10.4
review: This game has a meta score of 66 for a reason, it sucks allow me to elaborate You will be forced to spend money, or you will never have a fraction of the power others have, The game is extremly buggy and someday you cant even login for a whole day. Your hard earned Credits just magically Dissapear This game has no support The forums are usless The staff is s
game-hours: 57.7
review: Game trolls you with throwing you back to Login Screen. Not worth playing cause takes your mood away from the actual game to wait 5-20 minutes just to relogin, Only to be thrown out again.. Disgusting. 10/1 Should not run servers on wooden pc.
game-hours: 124.7
review: I think that the word "online game" means you play the game "online", but this company does nothing to guarantee the quality of connection. I only have about 30% or 40% chance to complete a mission without crashing/disconnection. The game play is pretty good, but their server is the worst one I have ever seen.
game-hours: 1.1
review: -Logged in -Beat first two or so mission's -It logged me out -logged back in -started me at the very beginning -exited game -deleted  game -100,000,000/10
game-hours: 1.2
review: if you dont want aids dont touch this game
game-hours: 253.4
review: The problem with this game is simple: It never feels like you're progressing, because every step you take just opens more and more meaningless grind opportunities, and every update just piles more and more to it, be a new frame, weapon, mod or resource. That there are mods so essential to your progress locked behind a shit of a RNG is one of the most stupid and hostile gameplay designs I have encountered. Add to that the gameplay changes they do every now and then, nerfs that make your already  weapons completely useless, changes to damage types and values, new weapons that completely outclass the previous ones, new resources that require more grinding, etc... and it all becomes meaningless and disheartening. And if you want to play solo you're in for a world of hurt with so much grind, RNG locked content and 4 player balanced missions, a lot of then required to unlock new planets and with it, resources. It's not worth it, so I stopped playing. Nothing changed, nothing got better or made the game more fun or less of a chore (quite to the contrary), most of my playtime was spent trying to get the essential mods so that my weapons become useful enough to kill waves and waves of enemies quickly for me to solo through the missions and unlock new planets, where I would repeat the same process, while slowly gathering resources and blueprints to craft a marginally better weapon or frame that would become useless by the next update. Rinse and repeat, ad infinitum.
game-hours: 744.3
review: Best free to play game out there in my opinion. It takes time to build up your weapons and frames, though that is the point of the game. unlocking everything. You can pay for items. Some are purely decorational, some are weapons/frames/pets. things you can't buy:the best weapons/mods in the game. If only every FTP game went with the no buying power model. And then they changed everything and went back on about every promise they made in the days before there were more than just the excalibur prime.
game-hours: 6.6
review: this game suck
game-hours: 1.1
review: its good for some time then i got board
game-hours: 513.6
review: was good at the beginning, endgame is a joyless grind. im not going to come back to this for quite some time
game-hours: 1.6
review: Some of the gameplay mechanics are a bit flawed. The graphics are top notch, no doubt, and some of the fighting abilities are distinct to this game only, but a game needs to bring more depth for me personally. This lacks even a tiny bit of strategy for the most part, being a team oriented game, but even that felt weak. I felt as if the teamplay wasn't cohesive enough. Like everyone on the team has little impact on the actions of the other against the enemy. It is a cooperative versus enemy, but that's about it. Still felt like a free-for-all action in the end for me and after playing a few hours I removed the game from my collection.
game-hours: 0.5
review: A bit confusing and not quite to my taste. The gameplay seems sloppy, and the lack of any real direction make this game a turd.
game-hours: 187.8
review: This game was fun. I enjoyed it for a prolonged period of time after being diagnosed with late-life, high-functioning Autism disorder. Then it turned out to be completely awful because DE is a bunch of money-loving POTATOES. Imagine if your favorite Black Ops character was replaced with a man in a monkey suit that made various shouts when he entered combat. I'm not giving you anymore J-tokens, you cheeky breeky fast-flyers.
game-hours: 9.0
review: It's good game but little boring for me
game-hours: 0.5
review: This game got boring and repetetive very fast. It uses the tactic of just throwing a lot of enemies at you and hope for the best. It is free, so no real loss if you still want to try it, but I don`t think it is worth anyones time.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Worst ing game ever.
game-hours: 1250.0
review: I hate this game.
game-hours: 0.6
review: Doesnt work as good s it looks, not as fun as it looks
game-hours: 24.1
review: This game is designed to make you pay or grind for ages.combat is standard, the parkour system is clunky, the melee system is useless and to get anything i have to do the same missions over and over and if you do pay you get everything immediately. seriously  this game
game-hours: 12.6
review: I'm more so on the fence about wether or not to recomend it. The game is fun no doubt, but if you arnt willing to spend money its almost worthless effort. You can get most items ingame without paying, but you have to craft them and some parts are extremely rare. Colors for cutomization is very limited if you dont want to pay. No alternative helmets can be obtained without paying. The mastery tests that you have to beat to level up, are lets face it, broken. They are extremely difficult if you dont want to pay (next to impossible if you dont have or know what mods need to be equiped). I had to beat the first test twice for it to count. Some missions spawn an infinite number of enemies, I've been stuck on the same mission for the past 2 days, because there are way too many enemies. I would say wait till they fix some of this before getting it.
game-hours: 12.1
review: Hope you're willing to put tons of money into this game otherwise good luck getting any new weapons or rigs.
game-hours: 0.9
review: nooo i will not play this on pc again i have for ps4 but when u move the whole ing screen gets blurry some one tellme to turn that  off
game-hours: 0.6
review: sucks
game-hours: 44.2
review: pwnias
game-hours: 5.9
review: Free to play done wrong. This game is pay to win. Then add in long wait times to attempt to level up and craft items makes this game a epic fail.
game-hours: 37.6
review: Pay to do damage. yup
game-hours: 1.5
review: I CANT PLAY cUS OF STUPID REGISTRATION IVE TOLD IT TO SNED A EMAIL LIKE 15 AND IT DOSNT!
game-hours: 393.0
review: After every stupid update they make , there are coming 100 hotfixes , they alwasy BUT ALWAYS ruin something in the game . WITH EVERY UPDATE THEY MAKE . I think the programmers are a bounch of gorillaz* . Seriosly if you dotn beliave me try it yourself waste your time .
game-hours: 1379.3
review: this game started off well until some of the best weapons and classes were nerfed to nothing. now its just like all the other semi -ok games out there. The ones that seem amazing for the first year or six months and then comes the nerfing... game ruined!
game-hours: 0.9
review: This is not my kind of game to me its dull boring strange
game-hours: 11.5
review: This game does not work at all. My friend who is right next to me can connect and play but everytime I try to join a match or accept an invite, It does not let me. It is very frustrating and I searched online and did everything and tried everything. Many people are having the problems and nothing works.
game-hours: 56.3
review: While this game is fun and action packed, it can get extremely repetative and pointless. The game is fun to play with friends, but it can be absolutely mind-numbing to play by yourself. Pros -Great graphics and lots of shiny environments -Action packed -The different warframes have a few unique elements that make for some fun gameplay -In theory, you can build the warframes (the ones you would usually have to buy) Cons -Game is super grindy -Environments, while pretty, become stale after a while. You are basically in the same 4 or 5 different environments with slightly different layouts -The system to level up cards to gain powers is interesting, but again the grind... -Little to non-existant story -Certain Warframes are completely unbalanced (namely the ones you have to buy) -Most things worth building take forever to create This was a fun game, but at the end of the day I can't recommend it. There's way too much grind and not enough going on behind the scenes. This is a fun little coop game to play with your friends, but you'll quickly start to feel the repetition as you reach the 10-15 hour mark. There are some games that are super grindy but hide it well behind interesting gameplay, a good story, or a variety of builds to work towards. This game is not one of them.
game-hours: 9.3
review: Mabinogi should have won!
game-hours: 2.2
review: A 3rd person over-the-shoulder FPS. I personally didn't like the game. The controls felt a little clunky. Whilst the graphics were nice, a lot of the levels were poorly lit, and it was hard to pick out the enemies. Teams were really hit and miss - with one person racing off to the finish, leaving "team mates" behind. The tutorial leaves you to pick from a number of planets across the solar system, but the only choice is Mercury - a little tip to say "pick this first" would have been nice.
game-hours: 758.8
review: The gameplay is ok, it can even be fun. However, unless you want to grind forever, don't pick up this game. They make it difficult/impossible to complete or get some items, unless you plan on spending alot of money on this game.
game-hours: 0.6
review: This sucks
game-hours: 95.1
review: Bit .
game-hours: 70.5
review: Game is poorly optimized, graphics are a little dull. The game itself gets boring after playing the first 20 hours, there's nothing to do except play a level and get loot. Levels are the same basically, the maps get boring. It's hard to get certain materials to craft items. Overall, if you really want to enjoy the game you're going to have to spend a lot of money on the game. I do not recommend this game and I am giving it a 3 out of 10 for it's dull graphics, bad optimization and common server problems.
game-hours: 478.0
review: Fun game, but, after a while it becomes midly repetative.
game-hours: 90.8
review: Cyborg space ninjas that run out of stamina after 5 steps? Was good before they broke the stamina thing. No more parkouring and doing cool  all over the place? Just...no. Cyborg space ninjas shouldnt need to stop and rest after swinging a sword 2 times or jumping once or twice...They broke the fluidness and freedom of the game by making so many restrictions on what you should be able to do.
game-hours: 28.9
review: Understanding that it is still in Beta but at the moment don't even try playing, the developers are clearly lazy, if they can't fix the crashing problem after this long, you may as well shut down the game itself.
game-hours: 10.3
review: i dont really understand what was wrong with this game for me. It was rather blocky and constantly was imposssible for me to shoot people. It was constantly lagging which i dont understand because i have a fairly good gaming computer and great wifi. It would be a great game for those who do not have these problems.
game-hours: 6.3
review: A great idea for a game bogged down by bad customization constantly pushing you towards the overpriced cash shop. Before the new game smell fades you'll already feel the grind set it.
game-hours: 288.1
review: Short version: lots of fun SOMETIMES, but much still broken or missing. Community pretty much blows, and solo is a LOT more fun than grouping, at least with PuGs. For several reasons I won't go into, I've mostly being playing this in so-called 'Solo' mode. Obviously this impacts my impressions. If you're mostly going to be playing with friend(s) or w/e, your mileage will vary significantly. At it's best, a great game with a lot of potential. However it also often degenerates into tediously repetitive shooting gallery. At the time of writing, lots of stuff still pretty buggy/broken (enemies and other objects inside walls or floors, grenades and other blast-type effects that go through walls, and so on). Enemy AI/pathfinding is kinda messed up too, leading to enemies standing facing into corners dunce style, or groups of enemies doing the two-step trying to get around each other (often for long periods, esp if there are more than two in the group), and things like a guy running back and forth a few metres indefinitely. I get the impression that the dev's are more focused on expanding the game than on fixing these kinds of issues, so who knows if/when any of this will be fixed. Mission difficulty and balance is all over the place (particularly for a solo player) - some later higher "level" or higher "rated" missions are MUCH easier than earlier/"lesser" ones. Several mission types (particularly most of the ones you have to grind for various drops) are just ridiculous for soloing, esp when you get a 'bad' map. For example some "defense" mission maps have you trying to defend a target that is completely exposed on all sides against enemies coming from all directions. A solo player just can't be everywhere at once. This really makes me wonder why they specifically include a solo mode since they clearly can't be bothered putting in the piffling effort required to scale things and/or exclude such obviously group-oriented maps from solo mode, etc. And don't even get me started on The Stalker in solo mode. Hard to think of anything more stupid. The crafting system is interesting, but VERY slow (eg. Warframe builds take 3 days real world time, and that's AFTER you've spent 12-36 hours on building the parts), and very few crafting options are available early on since the vast majority of items require drops from later planets. Obtaining certain materials is heavily grindy and/or expensive. Finally, since soloing is not a realistic option beyond the very early stages, the game really needs some kind of "lobby" interface or LFG tool outside of just poking around the (huge) map looking for something interesting. A clan finder would be nice too - very few clans seem to bother posting recruitment messages in-game, at least at the times I've had an eye out. Perhaps they expect players to do this kind of thing thru website(s) or forums. Seems like a total cop-out to me. I haven't reached "end-game" yet, but am already starting to feel kinda burnt out on this. It's worth a look since it's free, but too broken and "limited" for me to give it a recommendation.
game-hours: 1.1
review: not that exciting
game-hours: 117.6
review: They should have called this War-Farm instead. You spend a great deal of your time running missions to rank up weapons to make them more powerful; so you can run more difficult missions to
game-hours: 2.8
review: get more powerful weapons so you can run more missions with to make those new weapons more powerful. Unless you want to spend money: grindy and repetative to the extreme. I wish there was a way to pay money to make this game fun again after the first 20 hours of gameplay. It's Free to Play though.
game-hours: 513.6
review: was good at the beginning, endgame is a joyless grind. im not going to come back to this for quite some time
game-hours: 1.6
review: Some of the gameplay mechanics are a bit flawed. The graphics are top notch, no doubt, and some of the fighting abilities are distinct to this game only, but a game needs to bring more depth for me personally. This lacks even a tiny bit of strategy for the most part, being a team oriented game, but even that felt weak. I felt as if the teamplay wasn't cohesive enough. Like everyone on the team has little impact on the actions of the other against the enemy. It is a cooperative versus enemy, but that's about it. Still felt like a free-for-all action in the end for me and after playing a few hours I removed the game from my collection.
game-hours: 0.5
review: A bit confusing and not quite to my taste. The gameplay seems sloppy, and the lack of any real direction make this game a turd.
game-hours: 187.8
review: This game was fun. I enjoyed it for a prolonged period of time after being diagnosed with late-life, high-functioning Autism disorder. Then it turned out to be completely awful because DE is a bunch of money-loving POTATOES. Imagine if your favorite Black Ops character was replaced with a man in a monkey suit that made various shouts when he entered combat. I'm not giving you anymore J-tokens, you cheeky breeky fast-flyers.
game-hours: 9.0
review: It's good game but little boring for me
game-hours: 0.5
review: This game got boring and repetetive very fast. It uses the tactic of just throwing a lot of enemies at you and hope for the best. It is free, so no real loss if you still want to try it, but I don`t think it is worth anyones time.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Worst ing game ever.
game-hours: 1250.0
review: I hate this game.
game-hours: 248.1
review: Warframe is a fun game when you first start out. Things are new, the concept is cool and there looks like a lot of things to do. Then you realize it is nothing but grinding the same 4-5 mission types over and over and over to get a resource that doesn't come fast enough to actually have you access any of the different frames/weapons. It isn't pay to win in the sense that it isn't a PvP game (there is "pvp" in it but there is no support for it and it is horribly inbalanced because of that), but if you want to do anything fun, be prepared to drop some money on it. After about a week or so of playing the game and giving them money so that I could actually use a weapon besides the basic ones and play a frame that wasn't one of the three you can choose at the start (you don't get to keep all three, just the one you pick initially), it became one of the most boring games I could think of playing. Also, there is nothing in the game that is hard. The game has a mode where the enemy gets stronger the longer you are in it, but with four half intelligent people, you could all fall asleep before it became something that required the attention of three people, let alone four. If you're looking for a quick fix with money to blow, try it out. Otherwise, don't bother.
game-hours: 0.6
review: no
game-hours: 3.0
review: So I get to a rank up mission, and I fail it, because I suck at killling stuff. And when I try it again, It tellls me I can't try again for 24 hours. What a ing joke. Digital Extremes can go  themselves.
game-hours: 9.1
review: Really hard to even start to play without friends already playing and into the game. While the games starting tutorial/first missions are a great learning curve, it really doesnt show you anything on how to best team up, socialise or interact with other players
game-hours: 662.7
review: Play the first 3 levels and boom, thats the game, rush as fast as possible to the end and skip 3/4 of the mobs. Would not reccommend, gets boring after an hour.
game-hours: 64.8
review: Awesome game, I like the mass effect 3rd person shooter feel. However it is too much of a grind if you do not want to spend money on the game.
game-hours: 10.8
review: It is a Fun game but over time I noticed that the levels are all the same, the Enemies are the same or re-textured. honestly though if you don't mind these things play the game it is fun. but I wouldn't reccomend it.
game-hours: 8.5
review: its rubish its not even working for me
game-hours: 570.7
review: MLG - Major League Grindfest
game-hours: 22.7
review: too much grinding and too many bugs
game-hours: 2.9
review: Warface review, I mean warthunder, I mean march of war review 4/10
game-hours: 734.9
review: Experiencing crash after crash, and tons of bugs. I enjoy this game, I really do. But not beeing able to play due to random crashes and an error where it keeps saying ''Could not reach server'' makes the exeprience not worthwhile. Keep missing out on rewards thanks to the crashes, cant rank up thanks to the crashes. I understand there has been a major update recently, and it came with alot of these errors and bugs but I recommend waiting to play this game untill most get fixed. Some might think ''this might be your computer only'' but I asked in-game, and my friends who started playing at the same time as me, and most have been experiencing the same issues. A game like warframe, isn't hard to run on my system. I run all settings on High, tested if Physx was the problem (which wasn't), turnd V-sync on and off again but nothing seems to fix the crashes. Wait till DE gets everything (or most) fixed which dont stop you from playing the game. Then, I will highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 149.7
review: The gameplay is entertaining and if you enjoy colecting and min maxing it is fun. But, the game still has many bugs and assort problems. The in game market is completely inconsistant and the developers don't seem to have any intention of fixing it. For example you can only trade if you are in a clan (a guild of kind) that bought a trading post and you are extremely limited to number of trades equal to level per day as well as a trading tax. There are small bugs that have been in the game for months and are yet to be fixed as well, nothing game breaking but anyoing to continue seeing heath orbs fall out of lockers and float there. By far the thing that bothers me the most and in fact angers me is the in game market. There are multiple game features that are basic to the game and one would assume would be apart of it that in fact you must pay real money to achive. For example color and custimaztion. I understand having to buy different models and complete cosmetic items but when the default color choices are not open to you unless you pay five dollars? When your starting colors are one row out of many in unsaturated color options and you even have to pay five dollars to unlock the other rows in that unappealing color palet it seems a bit insane. The worst thing of them all is the audacity to tell players and allow players to get items in game. Because yes you can buy almost all the items in the game for real money but you may also find and make them in game. But what they don't make obvious at first is that you have limited storage space. So if you buy a warframe or a gun with money you automaticly get the space for the item. But, if you were to make it yourself in game you do not get the alloted space and must buy platnium, the real money in game curancy, to even buy inventory space for you item! Over all the game is very fun but the constant need to buy things with real money and various small bugs as well as the idiot design choices for some game functions are holding the game back. Not to mention the game is horrible unbalanced as one can get to the point where nothing is really a chalenge.
game-hours: 228.3
review: Amazing graphics, well optimized, it's a blast.... for a while. The game gets repetitive quick, and there doesn't seem to be any great end-game value. By the time you've invested way too much time you realize that its just a P2W grind-fest with no real direction or purpose.
game-hours: 393.5
review: Grindy but not fun At the beginning the content is good but later the game is boring grindy
game-hours: 2.2
review: SCREW THIS GAME. PERIOD. Second mission in it completely destroyed itself and my computer would pop up with a blue screen every time I logged on to my computer. The little bit of gameplay I experienced was enjoyable, but that literally game-breaking bug is completely unforgivable. Consider yourself warned; Play at your own risk...
game-hours: 12.7
review: this game ing sucks. I cant even complete the first mission without dying. pay to win
game-hours: 0.8
review: This game is terrible. I really don't understand how people can even play this game, or why it has such a large following, becaue it is truly a GPOS (Giant Piece of ). Anyone who plays this game, and is on my friends list, please do me the favor of removing yourself from it.
game-hours: 3.6
review: This game is meant for consols at home not computers its laggy it is hard to control and most of the things you need to BUY the coins to get it
game-hours: 28.8
review: This game had promise. It is too bad that it was ruined by the f2p pay model. After only a few missions it forces the player into a grind session just like any other f2p game. Instead of focusing on game mechanics, design, and fun, the game is about repeating the same stupid levels over and over and over just to get enough credits to upgrade an absolutely necessary mod by one degree (or just to get the mod), in order to advance through to the next mission. I would have gladly paid $60 or even a monthly fee to play a game with real content and real fun. Too bad this game chose the f2p model, they'll not get a cent from me.
game-hours: 70.5
review: Game is poorly optimized, graphics are a little dull. The game itself gets boring after playing the first 20 hours, there's nothing to do except play a level and get loot. Levels are the same basically, the maps get boring. It's hard to get certain materials to craft items. Overall, if you really want to enjoy the game you're going to have to spend a lot of money on the game. I do not recommend this game and I am giving it a 3 out of 10 for it's dull graphics, bad optimization and common server problems.
game-hours: 478.0
review: Fun game, but, after a while it becomes midly repetative.
game-hours: 1465.0
review: Good game. 100%  dev team. /end
game-hours: 4.1
review: I cannot play multiplayer games. When I enter the squad and the game starts, I am logged out of the squad and can't play. Please fix it and wil be a great game as it used to be.
game-hours: 0.5
review: From gameplay on YouTube it looks like a good game. And it is. But the system requirements were misleading and it really does not run on my computer even though I fit the minimum requirements.
game-hours: 0.3
review: l
game-hours: 485.8
review: This game is trash lol. Don't play it.
game-hours: 0.6
review: fagggggg
game-hours: 954.5
review: I've rewritten my review about four times now, and each time has been a fairly positive review, until now. Currently, Warframe isn't doing that great. Many players are sitting around in a state of impatience for new content, and the many updates we've had still has not satisfied many players. We are missing many things such as polish, endgame, and fixes to some current issues. As much as I'd like Warframe to succeed, I cannot recommend the game to anybody looking into playing it. Other than the issues we have and the things we are months later than we should have them, getting into the game is extremely difficult and time consuming. Even 200 hours in, I doubt you would be even close to top tier content unless you were really good, are good at studying a game wikia, and had help. By the time you get as far as I have, you will very likely feel unsatisfied with where Warframe currently is and with the lack of content to go by. You will also be frustrated with Digital Extremes for not releasing any good content, and you will hope from update in to update out that DE will release something great, but in the end you will be sorely disappointed. I intend to change my review to a yes if they start making good releases and show that they know what they are doing, but until then I intend to give a No. Take care, Xievie
game-hours: 5.2
review: this is ing . idk if i can recommend this game because it wont let me play it XD this game wont lemme download it.
game-hours: 46.1
review: cant buy platinium ;c
game-hours: 3.4
review: I just didn't really care for it. Sorry
game-hours: 1.4
review: Pure grinding. The grinding emphasis is so strong that most games are just people running through the levels, ignoring all enemies, to the end to finish the stage and get the rewards. New players will be lost as they try to fight and actually play the game. It becomes a "look how fast i can run through this stage" simulator. Graphics are cool, story is cool, gameplay idea is cool. Though everything got exploited into a weird grindy running "game". Many people will enjoy this, no doubt. I didn't get hooked though, and I LOVE grindy games.
game-hours: 2.1
review: Great game, but used up all my memory, turned my desktop purple, and all the icons are gone now... :P
game-hours: 2.2
review: I give this game 2.5 out of 4 stars. Explanation: -1 star due my character getting stuck in walls just about anytime I use the run on walls skill. -.5 star due to difficulty setting up keybindings for use on a PC. This game would be much better played with a game controller - thank goodness the game has such an option or I would have taken a whole star away instead of half. The positives are: excellent graphics and character detail along with an awesome story line.
game-hours: 0.6
review: sucksz
game-hours: 12.8
review: Gameplay gets very repetitive... but besides that it's a very good game.
game-hours: 66.7
review: I HATE DIS GAME CUZ I GOT BANNED FOR NO REASON!
game-hours: 2214.3
review: ,     ,  ) :     ,     ""        ,       .     4 ,        ,    " . ..."    ,   4,        .        .
game-hours: 299.7
review: UPDATED REVIEW: This game has become unplayable for solo players, practically every mission is near impossible to win for the solo player!!
game-hours: 17.6
review: great game however when it updated i lost all my equiptment including a paris which took me 7 hours to get!!! can i have my stuff and loki back!!!
game-hours: 104.7
review: A good game, and there is some real fun to be had however it is so buggy and unstable that it just ruins the experience. It becomes really annoying when you are getting higher levels and really need to finish a level and it glitches out all the damned time. So in its current state, I couldn't reccomend this game.
game-hours: 23.3
review: The pay to win in this game is absolute ing . If you want to play a game that's actually free to play and not free to suffer in ing agony without paying for even adequate weapons, go ahead.
game-hours: 5.4
review: I had no idea what the  I want doing playing this game about half a year ago but I liked the physics part about it, other than that, it was a  experience with grinding being the only aspect the game has to offer.
game-hours: 4.1
review: the holocaust of space
game-hours: 0.3
review: Just uninstalled the game. The controls are horrible and nothing near user-friendly. I play inverted and the game just dosen't let you play that way (and yes, I've been throught the options menu and even if there's the option for it, still dosen't work properly.) If you want some badass 3rd person shooter game, spend some money and get Mass Effect.
game-hours: 2.8
review: The game is so buggy. If it wasnt i'm sure it would be a great game. Pretty much the story is you join then bug happens which causes game to freeze or crash. No autosave or saving during missions so you have to relaunch game and start mission over then repeat.
game-hours: 27.0
review: Update Failed. Please try again later. For three days... Never did get to even play.
game-hours: 49.8
review: Warframe can be fun, however a few things really ruin the game in the long run. If you want a new weapon for instance, you first have to grind credits to buy the blueprint, then grind mobs just to get materials for the weapon while also grinding for credits to actualy craft the weapon, and then you have to wait 12 hours just for it to be crafted. Sure its fun to run missions, but not over and over and over again just for a small item. If you want a warframe on the other hand, you have to grind missions for the credits to buy the blueprint, and then grind a certain mission to get all the components of the warframe, and then just grind for the materials for crafting all three of the components of the warframe, which then you have to wait 12 hours just to craft one of the pieces, you can craft all three at once, and then you have to grind missions to get enough credits to pay for the cost of combining all three pieces and wait 72 hours just for a new character. New warframes have different abilities and stats, but still use the same weapon, so gameplay usually isn't that different if you don't heavily use abilities (however if you use abilities, gameplay between warframes can be highly varied, and the stats do change quite a bit). However if you don't want to grind for weapons and new warframes you can simply pay 25-50 dollars for a warframe (25 for just the warframe and its abilities, and 50 for the warframe and a few weapons added to it), or just buy weapons for about 25 dollars. Somehow the game even manages to make boss battles a repetive grind, with for instance the jackal just constantly avoiding missiles and shooting the legs (or stabbing them to death if you enjoy melee) and then dammaging him. Parkour while featured in the game is clunky and glitchy, which can end in you accidently launching yourself 25 feet into the air by attempting to run up a wall and jump. Another interesting thing is that in the Kubrow quest, a glitch can happen where you have to leave and reenter the game just to instal the compoment you earned from one part of the quest just so you can actually instal it. The most fun I had in this game is actually just killing minor units. Mowing down Grineer, Corpus, and the Infected is hug amounts of fun, but can easily get boring due to the repetitive grindy nature of the game. I personally feel like the game is more of a money making scheme than an actual fully fledged game, due to the fact that its an insane grind for weapons and warframes, yet every item in the game can be bought for real money, although it is highly expensive. A good example of this too is the clan dojo, in which you have to run missions, to get one time run missions, to get a chance to get a blueprint which then in turn requires a ton of materials and credits to craft, and then takes forever to actually finish crafting, to just add a room to your dojo, note your dojo also needs energy rooms, and hallways just for it to function correctly, or you can just circumvent this process and buy a forma (the item needed for the dojo room) for ten bucks. All in all, this game is fun in short brief sessions, and if you just do not care about having alot of items or variety, but I personally do not recommend this game. The weapons are fun to use though.
game-hours: 538.7
review: warbros #1 now and forever. Coding can be a bit sleek at times and it's behind a whole kind thingy grindwall. It's not pay2win, it's pay2notgrind4fiveyears
game-hours: 4.7
review: Boring game is boring.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Well, I would love to write a review about this game, if I could even make an account, but I can't because the Warframe team "reserve the right to ban any account/alias deemed offensive" when I enter "kieranballard2" as my alias. Pathetic censoring.
game-hours: 662.7
review: Play the first 3 levels and boom, thats the game, rush as fast as possible to the end and skip 3/4 of the mobs. Would not reccommend, gets boring after an hour.
game-hours: 64.8
review: Awesome game, I like the mass effect 3rd person shooter feel. However it is too much of a grind if you do not want to spend money on the game.
game-hours: 10.8
review: It is a Fun game but over time I noticed that the levels are all the same, the Enemies are the same or re-textured. honestly though if you don't mind these things play the game it is fun. but I wouldn't reccomend it.
game-hours: 8.5
review: its rubish its not even working for me
game-hours: 570.7
review: MLG - Major League Grindfest
game-hours: 22.7
review: too much grinding and too many bugs
game-hours: 2.9
review: Warface review, I mean warthunder, I mean march of war review 4/10
game-hours: 734.9
review: Experiencing crash after crash, and tons of bugs. I enjoy this game, I really do. But not beeing able to play due to random crashes and an error where it keeps saying ''Could not reach server'' makes the exeprience not worthwhile. Keep missing out on rewards thanks to the crashes, cant rank up thanks to the crashes. I understand there has been a major update recently, and it came with alot of these errors and bugs but I recommend waiting to play this game untill most get fixed. Some might think ''this might be your computer only'' but I asked in-game, and my friends who started playing at the same time as me, and most have been experiencing the same issues. A game like warframe, isn't hard to run on my system. I run all settings on High, tested if Physx was the problem (which wasn't), turnd V-sync on and off again but nothing seems to fix the crashes. Wait till DE gets everything (or most) fixed which dont stop you from playing the game. Then, I will highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 36.6
review: DO NOT INSTALL THIS GAME! It is far to much of a hassle. I downloaded it yesterday and I am not being negative to the gameplay. The gameplay is amazing. The offputting thing and the reason why this game should not be installed, is the amount of hassle involved in getting it to work. Yesterday the first few times I opened in my game crashed to desktop after 3-5 minutes. Today I had been playing for a few hours after getting the first issue sorted. The second one arrose, the game would not let me connect to server with the error could not connect to internet. I have been trying everything to sort it out but the website for this game is busted, I logged into the website and go to support to get help, every time I did so it signed me out and sent me back to the home page. I have also restared my computer multuiple times attemting to fix this error along with looking across multiple forums to no sucsess. AGAIN DO NOT INSTALL THIS GAME IS WAY TOO MUCH HASSLE FOR ITS WORTH!!!
game-hours: 66.8
review: Bugged game-engine and frustratingly unstable server.
game-hours: 1.9
review: ITS NOT FOR U
game-hours: 6.6
review: ASDASD
game-hours: 2.0
review: THIS GAME KEEPS ON CRASHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!! when i finish the tutorial and im in the ship it Crashes!
game-hours: 1095.2
review: I got a problem when i went to pruchase platinum fron the market with a 20% discount that i got from a log in reward. So as i said i got the 20% discount and i went trough the process of payment and everything like ive done before, but this time something happened that when i added funds to my Steam wallet the game registered the purchase but it hasnt charged my bank account or my steam wallet and i havent got my platinum after the purchase. I checked my Steam wallet and it still shows that the money for the purchase is still there and on the history on my bank account it says that the transaction is peanding after a while. When ive purchased platinum before i always receive it when i get back to the game but this time it did not happen and i really hope that this can be fixed because i look at the purchase platinum Tab on the games market and it says that i have the discount but when i click on it the deals show that i dont have any discount....... So yeah im pretty much pissed that i have not received my platinum and lost the discount.... Anyone that can help me with this ill appreciate it.
game-hours: 1.1
review: it is a little fun
game-hours: 17.5
review: I had alot of fun at first (I'd say maybe the first 3 planets?). After that, the grinding and repetitive levels get the best of me.
game-hours: 16.4
review: im sorry but once again warframe has failed me. why you might ask? well here's the thing:since my last review i said that it did some mayor improvements and it did. but then i came back to a mayor problem:getting bored of my weapons/warframe and trying to get new stuff,but not being able to buy/craft anything AKA it costs way too much ingame money. first you have to spit up 20000 credits(which is one of the CHEAPER ones)and then you need to pay ANOTHER 20000 credits to craft it. and all the materials aren't even available yet in the beginning. so you might say:well then go do some frikkin' grinding and progressing so you can get those materials. mayby,but i don't wanna spend the first 20 hours of gameplay on grinding. the phrase "ninjas play free" is wrong,for you to have fun in experimenting with different loadouts the best way is to just spend real money on it. ps.the game is laggy as  final opinion:the key moments of your game are at the start,so that way you can win a gamers heart and make them keep playing the game,this is not something these people got. i am sorry but you could not win over my heart once again,mayby in another year of updates whil you get it right.
game-hours: 6.7
review: Pay to Win nuff said
game-hours: 715.8
review: It's like Farmville. But with guns.
game-hours: 4.6
review: CUZ
game-hours: 56.8
review: Grind so you can grind so you can grind so you can grind so you can finally use a macro to let the game grind by itself. Also saryn isn't real and won't sit on your face.
game-hours: 101.7
review: It's a good game, and the model makes sense, but the biggest problem is the 24h wait time for mastery ranks. I went for my first test, and the game went to black screen with a big "Please Wait" circle for about 15 mins. I finally shut down the game and when i came back it said i have to wait 24h. The devs had no reason to add this game mechanic because it's not as if you can even play cash to simply pass on the time and try again. It's simply there to  with you. I give this game 5/10 for the simple fact that the devs are . Very uncanadian of you.
game-hours: 45.9
review: In Warframe you play as a Teno, a space ninja of sorts. The game is all about the fighting and gives you several options, you can use swords and melee, powers and ranged weapons. The selection of the weapons is large and the powers vary depending on which Warframe (model) you play as. Sadly the game isn't truly free to play. I'd put in a lot of time to try and get a few Warframes and weapons for free (not including time spend getting the components) only to find out that the inventory is capped. That was the farewell for me. Still, if you don't mind paying in some hard cash; this is a decent game to play. Oh and yes, the plot is inexistant.
game-hours: 9.2
review: Not worth the time.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Has been saying "verifying download cache" for about 3 hours cant even start the game. very dissapointed it look like a fun game but it now seems to just be a waste of my time.
game-hours: 2.2
review: bonito, mas o jogo em si  ruim.
game-hours: 57.9
review: This game could be fun for those who would enjoy a good game with good mechanics and of course the online multiplayer aspect. As a gamer I enjoyed this game imensely TOO BEGIN WITH! As a school student who works hard and studies after school i could not play this game everyday. And this is why I Dont like this game: because it demands attention on a regular basis to grind for resources. I don not have the time while my friends do. Along with the fact you need to pay for wepons slots (which my friends did) they poured hours off there life (OVER 500 HOURS) to get these elusive weapons that they refused to pay for. I can no longer play with them nor will i be able to catch up unless i pay money. THese games suck because they require some money to have fun and can not be played by the caual gamer like me. If its your thing to spend all this time then enjoy but if you dont have the time to commit then dont bother.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Pay 2 spray paint your weapon! Pay 2 Upgrade your weapon Pay 2 change your warframe Real money is what this game uses constantly.
game-hours: 1105.5
review: Quite fun to play, but too repetitive. The first few hours of playing, you really enjoy it, but as you get into the 50-100 hour range, farming becomes 75% of what you do in the game. There is no such thing as a story in this game, no matter how many updates try to add lore. Now that all the new weapons require a clan research lab, the weapons before it researched, the lab resources to be researched, massive build times for all these items, it can take literally months to get a new weapon, if you have a decent amount of clan members to help. Not to mention that there are research weapons that are absolute trash.
game-hours: 557.3
review: If you like grinding for several hundred hours for the perfect build, just to have it nerfed and broken. Then this is the game for you. Patches get rolled out with A weapon here and A new frame here. Events have gotten pathetic. With every major update they roll out, 50 new problems come with it. Not to mention you'll be lucky if the problems for the last patch have been fixed. Support tickets are answered with " well something must be wrong on your end". They throw sparkles and pretty things at people to distract them from the honest problems. Game was great, now it's broken.
game-hours: 2.2
review: I give this game 2.5 out of 4 stars. Explanation: -1 star due my character getting stuck in walls just about anytime I use the run on walls skill. -.5 star due to difficulty setting up keybindings for use on a PC. This game would be much better played with a game controller - thank goodness the game has such an option or I would have taken a whole star away instead of half. The positives are: excellent graphics and character detail along with an awesome story line.
game-hours: 0.6
review: sucksz
game-hours: 12.8
review: Gameplay gets very repetitive... but besides that it's a very good game.
game-hours: 66.7
review: I HATE DIS GAME CUZ I GOT BANNED FOR NO REASON!
game-hours: 2214.3
review: ,     ,  ) :     ,     ""        ,       .     4 ,        ,    " . ..."    ,   4,        .        .
game-hours: 299.7
review: UPDATED REVIEW: This game has become unplayable for solo players, practically every mission is near impossible to win for the solo player!!
game-hours: 17.6
review: great game however when it updated i lost all my equiptment including a paris which took me 7 hours to get!!! can i have my stuff and loki back!!!
game-hours: 104.7
review: A good game, and there is some real fun to be had however it is so buggy and unstable that it just ruins the experience. It becomes really annoying when you are getting higher levels and really need to finish a level and it glitches out all the damned time. So in its current state, I couldn't reccomend this game.
game-hours: 23.3
review: The pay to win in this game is absolute ing . If you want to play a game that's actually free to play and not free to suffer in ing agony without paying for even adequate weapons, go ahead.
game-hours: 5.4
review: I had no idea what the  I want doing playing this game about half a year ago but I liked the physics part about it, other than that, it was a  experience with grinding being the only aspect the game has to offer.
game-hours: 4.1
review: the holocaust of space
game-hours: 0.3
review: Just uninstalled the game. The controls are horrible and nothing near user-friendly. I play inverted and the game just dosen't let you play that way (and yes, I've been throught the options menu and even if there's the option for it, still dosen't work properly.) If you want some badass 3rd person shooter game, spend some money and get Mass Effect.
game-hours: 2.8
review: The game is so buggy. If it wasnt i'm sure it would be a great game. Pretty much the story is you join then bug happens which causes game to freeze or crash. No autosave or saving during missions so you have to relaunch game and start mission over then repeat.
game-hours: 27.0
review: Update Failed. Please try again later. For three days... Never did get to even play.
game-hours: 49.8
review: Warframe can be fun, however a few things really ruin the game in the long run. If you want a new weapon for instance, you first have to grind credits to buy the blueprint, then grind mobs just to get materials for the weapon while also grinding for credits to actualy craft the weapon, and then you have to wait 12 hours just for it to be crafted. Sure its fun to run missions, but not over and over and over again just for a small item. If you want a warframe on the other hand, you have to grind missions for the credits to buy the blueprint, and then grind a certain mission to get all the components of the warframe, and then just grind for the materials for crafting all three of the components of the warframe, which then you have to wait 12 hours just to craft one of the pieces, you can craft all three at once, and then you have to grind missions to get enough credits to pay for the cost of combining all three pieces and wait 72 hours just for a new character. New warframes have different abilities and stats, but still use the same weapon, so gameplay usually isn't that different if you don't heavily use abilities (however if you use abilities, gameplay between warframes can be highly varied, and the stats do change quite a bit). However if you don't want to grind for weapons and new warframes you can simply pay 25-50 dollars for a warframe (25 for just the warframe and its abilities, and 50 for the warframe and a few weapons added to it), or just buy weapons for about 25 dollars. Somehow the game even manages to make boss battles a repetive grind, with for instance the jackal just constantly avoiding missiles and shooting the legs (or stabbing them to death if you enjoy melee) and then dammaging him. Parkour while featured in the game is clunky and glitchy, which can end in you accidently launching yourself 25 feet into the air by attempting to run up a wall and jump. Another interesting thing is that in the Kubrow quest, a glitch can happen where you have to leave and reenter the game just to instal the compoment you earned from one part of the quest just so you can actually instal it. The most fun I had in this game is actually just killing minor units. Mowing down Grineer, Corpus, and the Infected is hug amounts of fun, but can easily get boring due to the repetitive grindy nature of the game. I personally feel like the game is more of a money making scheme than an actual fully fledged game, due to the fact that its an insane grind for weapons and warframes, yet every item in the game can be bought for real money, although it is highly expensive. A good example of this too is the clan dojo, in which you have to run missions, to get one time run missions, to get a chance to get a blueprint which then in turn requires a ton of materials and credits to craft, and then takes forever to actually finish crafting, to just add a room to your dojo, note your dojo also needs energy rooms, and hallways just for it to function correctly, or you can just circumvent this process and buy a forma (the item needed for the dojo room) for ten bucks. All in all, this game is fun in short brief sessions, and if you just do not care about having alot of items or variety, but I personally do not recommend this game. The weapons are fun to use though.
game-hours: 538.7
review: warbros #1 now and forever. Coding can be a bit sleek at times and it's behind a whole kind thingy grindwall. It's not pay2win, it's pay2notgrind4fiveyears
game-hours: 4.7
review: Boring game is boring.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Well, I would love to write a review about this game, if I could even make an account, but I can't because the Warframe team "reserve the right to ban any account/alias deemed offensive" when I enter "kieranballard2" as my alias. Pathetic censoring.
game-hours: 741.2
review: You grind for keys to grind for materials to grind for weapon parts to grind for weapons to grind for more weapons to grind for Prime frames to grind for more  What do you get at the end of grinding if you ever get there? Nothing but emptiness that you just wasted your life doing nothing but living in a Skinner's box Get out while you still can. You're not having fun. You're being baited to unlock pixel after pixel.
game-hours: 173.5
review: Needs more poofing flarms
game-hours: 2.0
review: It looks like an awesome game, but it crashs on me so no point in playing. I don't reccomend this game.
game-hours: 131.9
review: The Gameplay was extremely linear, the missions were buggy, and to make it worse the storyline is literally just a whole concoction of player theories who have pieced together what they heard from enemies what we were told and lotus. Unless atleast the gameplay is fixed for me i don't recomend this game.
game-hours: 6.2
review: Where to start with this one... Well first off, I like the ghrapics, the gameplay, and the abilities. However, after a couple hours of playing, I noticed that the enemies started doing way more damage, and I was doing roughly the same as I started out. So I decided to look for a new stronger weapon. I find out, that you cant buy a weapon thats better using the in game credits. OH NO. You have to buy the currency using real money, in order to get a decent weapon. Its that, or you can do the facebook style of upgrading, buy the blue print, play a level a half dozen times to find a resource, and then hopefully after a day of grinding you have what you need. Did I mention, the fact you cant kill the enemies even on the first level anymore, because their difficulty progressed with you? >.>... So good luck getting those resources! Yet another potentially GREAT GAME, turned to  from greed. I would have much rather paid 50-60 bucks for the game, and the ability to progress with ingame credits that I didnt have to buy, versus having to buy 20 dollars worth of game money, for a single weapon. Really. As for those of you who fell victim to that, and want to hold onto that "pride" so to speak, of this being a "great game", it is, sure, but only for about 45 minutes.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Engine has repeatedly crashed before even completing tutorial. Found no readily implemented solutions
game-hours: 480.6
review: The game is very repetetive and after you've gone through the first 2 planet maps you will have seen basically everything the game has to offer. New content is added every month or so, but unfortunately not enough is changing to keep me playing. I want to like this game, but it is too gear based vs skill based.
game-hours: 0.6
review: Warframe seemed to be an interesting space adventure filled with combat and with a new patch it even includes ships. I'm a simple sci fi guy and it was free so I bought it. The game was terrible but the controls are probably the worst way to control a charcter I have ever seen. E is melee attack while left and right click are to aim while f is to swap beetween your secondary and primary. The tutorial if you can even call it that places you with all of your powers depending on which class you play (warrior, ranger, mage) but as soon as you leave the room you are left with only the first power you get. As I played through the game and fought the generic humanish guys I felt extremly confused due to the starting senistivity being higher than snoop and using e to attack. I eventually reached the selection of my first few secondary pistols. I was told nothing about these guns so I never knew the difference, same with the mele weapons as you can choose a stick, guantlets or a sword. when I eventually got to a wall running segment I died 10 times, not because of my inability to press space but because my faceless avatar would kick off the wall or even better not be able to make a jump. The hacking is horrendous, think about it this way, would you like a timed minigame (about 15 sec) where you can't go back once you move a puzzle peice unless you flip the peice all over again, one that tells you nothing about how to do it and then will cut down the time when you get it halfway done!? The answer is no by the way. Did I like this game in short no in long N00000000000000000000 .5/10-kill it
game-hours: 21.0
review: It was good until the major update which made it SUCK!
game-hours: 249.8
review: sdada
game-hours: 1.9
review: ITS NOT FOR U
game-hours: 6.6
review: ASDASD
game-hours: 2.0
review: THIS GAME KEEPS ON CRASHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!! when i finish the tutorial and im in the ship it Crashes!
game-hours: 1095.2
review: I got a problem when i went to pruchase platinum fron the market with a 20% discount that i got from a log in reward. So as i said i got the 20% discount and i went trough the process of payment and everything like ive done before, but this time something happened that when i added funds to my Steam wallet the game registered the purchase but it hasnt charged my bank account or my steam wallet and i havent got my platinum after the purchase. I checked my Steam wallet and it still shows that the money for the purchase is still there and on the history on my bank account it says that the transaction is peanding after a while. When ive purchased platinum before i always receive it when i get back to the game but this time it did not happen and i really hope that this can be fixed because i look at the purchase platinum Tab on the games market and it says that i have the discount but when i click on it the deals show that i dont have any discount....... So yeah im pretty much pissed that i have not received my platinum and lost the discount.... Anyone that can help me with this ill appreciate it.
game-hours: 1.1
review: it is a little fun
game-hours: 17.5
review: I had alot of fun at first (I'd say maybe the first 3 planets?). After that, the grinding and repetitive levels get the best of me.
game-hours: 16.4
review: im sorry but once again warframe has failed me. why you might ask? well here's the thing:since my last review i said that it did some mayor improvements and it did. but then i came back to a mayor problem:getting bored of my weapons/warframe and trying to get new stuff,but not being able to buy/craft anything AKA it costs way too much ingame money. first you have to spit up 20000 credits(which is one of the CHEAPER ones)and then you need to pay ANOTHER 20000 credits to craft it. and all the materials aren't even available yet in the beginning. so you might say:well then go do some frikkin' grinding and progressing so you can get those materials. mayby,but i don't wanna spend the first 20 hours of gameplay on grinding. the phrase "ninjas play free" is wrong,for you to have fun in experimenting with different loadouts the best way is to just spend real money on it. ps.the game is laggy as  final opinion:the key moments of your game are at the start,so that way you can win a gamers heart and make them keep playing the game,this is not something these people got. i am sorry but you could not win over my heart once again,mayby in another year of updates whil you get it right.
game-hours: 6.7
review: Pay to Win nuff said
game-hours: 715.8
review: It's like Farmville. But with guns.
game-hours: 4.6
review: CUZ
game-hours: 56.8
review: Grind so you can grind so you can grind so you can grind so you can finally use a macro to let the game grind by itself. Also saryn isn't real and won't sit on your face.
game-hours: 101.7
review: It's a good game, and the model makes sense, but the biggest problem is the 24h wait time for mastery ranks. I went for my first test, and the game went to black screen with a big "Please Wait" circle for about 15 mins. I finally shut down the game and when i came back it said i have to wait 24h. The devs had no reason to add this game mechanic because it's not as if you can even play cash to simply pass on the time and try again. It's simply there to  with you. I give this game 5/10 for the simple fact that the devs are . Very uncanadian of you.
game-hours: 25.0
review: Thx god i never tried the beta, but anyways, i tried to like this game, i really did, but geez, those bugs, random frame drops,  enemies that look like they were made with mud or something like that, and is freaking pay to win in some aspects. The concept is great, i really liked it, but it was applied poorly.
game-hours: 38.0
review: Far too boring to put up with its free-to-play nonsense.
game-hours: 1.3
review: I literally wasn't able to play this game to to it's bull signup process. They want you to create a Warframe account. I did so, with my e-mail adress and a non-registered Alias. They said it was complete and that I need to check my email. So I did. I waited two hours with no e-mail. So I didn't care, that was fine. They said to e-mail them to try again or something like that. There link never worked. So I once again tried to signup again with the exact same e-mail and everything. But no, it said that I was already registered, so I SHOULD theoretically be able to play the game (as it requires you to sign up to even play). But NO! I was confronted with something saying that I had to activate my account! I click on that link, and it brings me to the home page of the website. Great. I think perhaps I'll click the sign in button at the top left hand corner. It automatically brings up my e-mail and password that I inputted to sign in with. But when I hit the sign in button, IT SAYS I HAVN'T REGISTERED! Even though it quite CLEARLY stated earlier that I was registered!! UGH! Games like this piss me off. Also, I'd rather have a pay-to-play game than one with rediculously overbalancing micro-transactions.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Didn't like it the objectives are not very clear and the game is glitchy, not to mention combat in the videos is alot different than the actual gameplay
game-hours: 0.4
review: kept crashing on the first screen
game-hours: 1.6
review: too much of the same thing....got boring quick.
game-hours: 3.4
review: This game is only for donat players
game-hours: 5.9
review: Fun game - but seeing first hand what it can do to those who are addicted is disheartening. This game encourages, nay, forces you to pay if you want to keep up with the game. And the prices are scary. 500 later, my brother realised that it was time to stop Warframe. No refunds are in sight either.
game-hours: 139.6
review: You must spend your real money on it if you wanna play well. Also without many friends you won't be able to beat those strong planet.
game-hours: 1350.8
review: grind grind grind... wasted so much time. games is going down hill hard currently.
game-hours: 455.3
review: While a lot of effort has been put into this game, and the polish is commendable, the further this game hase gone into development the more and more obtuse the entire thing has become. This game has all the markings of a AAA title, both for good and bad, except that it's F2P and still technically in development, which gives us gorgeous UIs that actually make it difficult to do what you'd like. The damage system used to be fairly simply, if not obfuscated, but now it requires a degree of research to even come to terms with. "Bleeding" applies through your shields, normal attacks have status elements, with combinations. The initial ambition of this project has begun to exceed itself.
game-hours: 31.2
review: Warframe was fun right up to the point were you max out the level of your starting teeno which doesn't take all that long and they make it ridiculously and unreasonably difficult to get a new tenno unless you just pay with cash.
game-hours: 3.8
review: Shameful
game-hours: 13.5
review: So, if you want a free(ish) game with lots of missions and great graphics and don't mind if the gameplay is unvaried and at times unpolished then, YES, Warframe is for you. Why do I not recommend it? Ah, glad you asked! Firstly the developers have gone with quantity over quality. The graphics do look great, but after a few hours you start to realise that the levels are just built from the same components and the enemies are not very varied at all. They just attack in large numbers. At first there appear to be hundreds of missions - but you soon realise there's just a few mission types, and the levels are simply rehashes of the same environments. Some of the mission types are very poorly put together; rescuing hostages and hunting targets is just so bleh. You are just playing the same missions over and over but in slightly different level configurations with slightly different enemies. There's tons of it, so many missions, but it's all so samey and therefore boring. The AI can be painfully dumb but the routine they have in place is enough to initially draw you in before you realise the flaws. The potential for the storyline is never quite realised as the game drip feeds you background information that doesn't really mean much. The promise to go through a story with other players occurs, you just run through samey levels killing samey enemies with faceless teammates and it's all a little bit sterile - which is a shame because the game looks so good and has some good gameplay mechanics that are massively underused (the parkhour, for example). There's no discovery or briefing in the levels, you just follow the arrow from one point to the next. The hours of gameplay on offer soon become a chore to go through to hunt the next material or get to the next stage. The drops are another good example. At first you'll see all the bonuses to collect and be happy. Several thousand pick ups later and its another chore. The lockers dotted around the levels are barely worth opening. The majority of drops are common items but you can't know until you get them. Which leads on to the next complaint... If you want to improve your frame/loadout without paying then you are in for a long grind. The only reason I made it past the Grineer boss (one of the more fun missions after hours fighting the same Grineer droves) was because a much higher ranked player was in our squad and dealt with him as me and other lesser frames alternated between reviving each other and being revived. The next set of missions gets even more tedious. After killing the nth 1000th crewman, you'll find yourself feeling a bit numb. The difference between freely equipped players and paying players is so stark that sometimes [should you not spend the vast sums required to get a competitive loadout] you'll just go on the defense missions and be in awe as guys level wave after wave of enemies that would wipe you out in an instant. "Well just buy the better frames/loadouts then cheapskate!" Yes, I could. However the gameplay would still be the same - the repetitive missions, unvaried enemies, etc only I could skip the initial grind. Then what? Have to pay more to get on to the next set of boring missions and enemies? Welcome to freemium! There is some crafting and buffs which can be combined which help boost your frame, although it is also a bit rough and ready in terms of the UI and I ended up getting - you go it - a bit bored doing it all. This is not helped by the many drops filling your profile with common cards which you get to combine with other cards. Many hundred times later, you just dread the thought of dealing with it. It is a shame because Warframe has a lot of potential. If the developers stop churning out samey content and focused on what's already there - developing the gameplay and mission modes, improving the level design and story, making better use of existing gameplay features that just don't matter (parkhour, ziplines etc) then this could be a really great game. Also better value improvements and better balance may lead to more free players investing in the game and sticking around. I might come back in a year or two but, for now, I've had enough. TL;DR: At first Warframe looks great, plays great, but really bored once me when I tried to dig deeper because - despite the masses of content - the game has almost no depth at all.
game-hours: 12.5
review: I dont like this game.
game-hours: 40.9
review: good idea, but repetitive (copy paste maps), and a lot of grind for weapons and other stuff.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Very repetitive. I'm not even sure what I'm fighting for. Just strolling through level after level without any hint of a challenging opposition. Boring.
game-hours: 11.5
review: HORRIBLE
game-hours: 11.8
review: Entertaining at first. Might even entertain you for a week. But it is definitely not a game that can interest you for long when you're playing alone, and friends can only keep you playing for so long.
game-hours: 32.2
review: Get your Grinding Goggles on and dig out your spiked  because Warframe is about to make you grind on that until your  bleeds!
game-hours: 88.8
review: When playing it for the first time, it was great and I really liked it. Now after playing it for a few weeks, its just old and repetitive.
game-hours: 420.3
review: I feel reluctant to give a yes or no recommendation for this game. In fact I started writing this with a "yes" but eventually felt compelled to change it to a "no". The reason is that I love so much about the gameplay and the concept. There is so much potential in the idea and existing framework, it could be truly great, but it has no reward to its RPG-esque item grind. It exists for its own sake. If - like me - you actually don't mind laborious 'farming' to reach a goal (which in this case is always to purchase a new weapon or 'Frame, i,e, class), then even the grinding for materials is not really a bad thing. The real problem with Warframe is that - when the combat gameplay is no longer sufficient as its own reward - the 'grind' that is central & the only other motivation to play... has absolutely no point. As another review aptly described, it is at its core a 'monotonous circular treadmill'. Not just a treadmill, a circular one. In other 'treadmill' games you at least clear 'hurdles' during one, 'jumping to the next treadmill' so to speak ... but this one is like a circular treadmill in that you are never anywhere different in terms of progression than the day you start. Sure you will accumulate a warchest of a crapload of weapons and modifications and 'classes' ... but you only ever use one of each in a mission, so the more you accumulate, the smaller % of what you 'earned' you are using. What good is having a thousand options of marginal variation for one thing? You can accomplish that 'thing' with just one option, you dont need anything more, but that is the only progression there is. The missions are quite repetitive and quickly consumed content, after which your only gameplay is to repeat the missions to acquire loot. Then use that loot to purchase/craft tools that you will just use to continue grinding loot. The grind actually remains reasonable fun as you play around with cool weapons and powers... but inevitably you hit 'the wall' where you realize you are essentially just farming for the ability to farm some more - just with a shiny new weapon. Grind grind grind. Get a new weapon. Rinse, repeat. No competitive system, no long term goals, no real sense of accomplishment. It's a shame because the devs work quite hard and provide quite substantial updates on a rapid schedule... yet refuse to break away from a business plan of simply adding more things to farm. I've actually spoken at length with multiple devs of the game - who are very active in its community & open to feedback - vehemently voicing this concern ... but for some reason it has never become a priority for them to create any new macro progression. Just more of the same. I really hope one day this changes so I can return to the game I spent quite a bit of time playing (and even quite a bit of cash as I dont mind rushing a few things I really want or supporting development), but without a new 'purpose' to playing I will not... and continue to regret every penny spent.
game-hours: 94.5
review: At first, warframe appears to be something new and origional, with it's spectacular art style and graphics, and it's entire presentation is a feast for the eyes. However, after a few hours of gameplay grinding the same spots for the blueprients and materials to create the warframe or weapon you wanted, you will wonder to yourself "what now"? Do you grind for more gear? Get some more fancy augments? But what's the point when all your fancy warframes and weapons only make you more efficient at grinding for more stuff? Now I know what you're saying "Isn't that the basis of any MMO?" Sort off... If you boil it down any MMO is one big quest for loot, but what makes it good is how fun it is to play all the dungeons and missions to recieve these rewards, and Warframe fails it it terribly. This game becomes far too repetitive, you only have a handful of scenarios to play through on missions and the difference between them is barely remarkable. You're still fighting baddies through the same spaceship hallways, just rearranged each time. The warframes themselves are also fundamentally flawed. Each warframe has a unique set of abilities (which three are avaliable from the start, and the last only ebing avaliable when your WF is upgraded with an item that is conveniently found in the cash shop), sure, but you also have a rather limited pool of energy that you expend to use said abilities, and said pool can only be replenished by scarce pickups. So really yuor 'style' is more defined by what wepaons you have painstakenly constructed by grinding for the materials to make... and if you don't like them you're  out of luck. Not to mention the fact that there is little to no emphasis on teamwork on a multiplayer game... I mean they try to do something by making each warframe's abilities varied enough to try and do so, but if you're not sprinting down a hallway and killing things fast then you end up being more of a burden t the team. Same thing applies to pvp, nothing matters but outright damage, and you better built the right warframe for it or it's back to more grinding for you. Then there is the cash shop... while every weapon and frame can be built from materials and blueprints dropped in missions (which takes AGES of grinding) you can instantly buy them in the cash shop as well. This screams play to win in the most blatant way, but since grinding for your equipment is half the game you'll probably come to the conclusion that this isn't worth the time faster if you spend a few bucks. So despite it's flashy looks and first impressions, Warframe is a huge dissapointment. Don't get me wrong, I wanted this game to be good so badly. It's an absolute delight to look at, and the setting alone is quite good, how could you not enjoy what is essentialy a story revolving around an ancient race of alien space ninja? But sadly, the core gameplay mechanics fall short in what is a flawed game. Everything is so polished I can see someone forgetting that they've been running through what is basically the same randomized space ship for hours to find the last few materials for their lazer katana that burns things that it slices through. If only art direction could float a game on it's own, but I suppose if you're going to grind through the same spots for a while they might as well look pretty.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Bad and boring game
game-hours: 7.8
review: I was enjoying the game, it is hard to really aquire anything outside of your starters without either grinding for gear and parts for hours, and or just spending money. I had put enough time to pretty much max my orignal tenno, when I got banned. For no reason, all was said was I some how violated the EULA, when I have done nothing wrong in my knowledge, I contacted support and said after "manual review" I did indeed do "something" to do such, was not told what still, and said ban could not be lifted. Glad I never wasted my money on this at this point. I will not recommend anygame that bans players without a reasonable explination and "violating the EULA" is not reasonable.
game-hours: 646.0
review: Now this game is awesome but due to the fact it's not server based but instead peer-to-peer it has extreme connection issues which makes it more frustrating to play then fun.
game-hours: 130.4
review: It is fun olny if you have lots of money. Cons: 1. The trade system is flawed. You can buy in game currency called "Platnum" with real money and buy any thing from new Warframes to Weapons to invintory slots, but it is also tradeable. There lies the problem. People want to trade in game items for your hard spent money only. Player to Player trades olny work if the buyer has in game "real money" platnum. No item for item trades are seen or done. 2. The chat system is messed up as 99% of any text message is lost with out the person it was directed to sees it. The chat folds into the side never letting you know if somthing was said out side of the current squad, like in a clan or PM. Voice is there but limited to current squad and most people turn that off all togeather. Pros: 1. Uniqe gameplay makes it fun. Just up untill you want to make any weapon or Warframe stronger. (See con 1)
game-hours: 0.2
review: Good in certain aspects, like the combat, but the controls are kinda crappy
game-hours: 1.2
review: yah... no.
game-hours: 1.1
review: This is a milk game, you sit down and play for 5 seconds then they set their stool down next to you and proceed to ask you hello sir/madam may we milk you for everything you've got? If you say yes they pretty much rip your whole utter off. Look at those prices good grief.
game-hours: 0.9
review: its alright. Too redundant.
game-hours: 2.5
review: boring game...
game-hours: 90.0
review: It's fun for the few first hours, but then it just gets repetitive and boring.
game-hours: 3.5
review: this game is worst then licking the bottom of a toilet bowl just buy cod
game-hours: 16.4
review: It gets very boring and repetitive very quickly.
game-hours: 2.3
review: It's a ok game. But not for me. I don't like the story....
game-hours: 43.6
review: So unless Im mistaken, this game was made by the same people who created UT and the original Bioshock, so, you really have to ignore their past work when playing this game. Warframe isnt "bad" per se, its just not really finished, even now. The recent changes in melee combat fix the games biggest problem (which was its  melee combat) but all the other issues are still there. Ill start with gameplay, because just about everything else in this review is going to be opinion: The gameplay is serviceable, but not well developed, and by that I mean "it plays like something stuck somewhere between an alpha and a beta". The movement is fast, but strangely influid, the jumping and free-running feel shoehorned in and are clunky at best, and the gunplay is efficient but lacks any bite or freedback. One major feature is that the levels are generated randomly from prefab rooms. This means that you can have large labyrinthian levels to run around in, but the the sparse nature of the prefab rooms, combined with the relativly low number of prefab enrivonments (Id say there are roughly 8-10 different rooms per level-type, including hallways and connective elements) means that this interesting idea really doesnt effect the gameplay at all, and can even be downright confusing as you pass through three copies of the exact same room. The enemies are similarly bland, sporting troops, heavy troops, melee troops, and the occasional shield drone. The bosses seem to have fallen into the same blackhole of creativity as well, as they are hardly ever more than meattanks. It is also worth mentioning that while tweaking your stats with mods is easy without paying money, doing literally anything else, from buying weapons to building new warframes (this is especially daunting) pretty much requires money to avoid a hideous amout of grinding. Moving away from the basic facts of the game; I just dont like the way it looks, and the way the world is layed out. There is pretense of a story, but it is wafer thin, the missions reenforces that shallowness by providing no real context for your actions. There is only one voiced character, a sort of operations assistant who tells you when the objective changes, and a few random soundbites from bosses. This total lack of story depth is what makes the second issue in the game's presentation even harder not to laugh at: the aesthetic choices. While Ill admit I like the idea of a living biomech ninja suit, and I do even like a handfull of the warframes, for the most part the aesthetics, especially those found in the enemies and level design, are misguided at best. If you've not played the game before, go look up a picture of a Grineer trooper (the name is just the worst, they should really beat whoever came up with it with a stick). The enemy designs dont convey anything about the enemies, be it their capabilities, their position or rank, or even any kind of information about the nature of their faction. On top of this lack of narrative functionality, they just look downright goofy, as do many of the warframes, as I previously mentioned. Even though Im not going to formally recommend this game, Id still say "go try it". Apparently some people like it enough to pay money for it, and, though I believe those people have a mental illness not yet characterized by science, maybe you, dear reader, do as well.
game-hours: 1.2
review: didn't like it
game-hours: 544.6
review: After playing for many hours I can say...that this game is not fun. You get bored pretty fast, this is why people uses to play it for like two weeks, but after those? You got many strong weapons, and you think and make a good template for the Tennos you have, just to see all of your work deleted by the Updates...that eventually nerfs EVERYTHING you have, so that you have to work again on new weapons....that's the main thing. Second: bugs...it is FRUSTRATING how many bugs there are in this game, besides, the PAYMENT SYSTEM works perfectly! Some bugs even compromises the gameplay and can make you DIE, like when you have to be revived and you can just walk around, so that nobody can heal you. Third...this is a game which has been in beta for MONTHS, I've read in the reviews that somebody said that this game is in the middle way between an alpha and a beta...and I must say, I TOTALLY agree with him. A game should be in beta for months, just to give players power to try and stretch it to find as many bugs as possible, in this game users actually pay a lot to play a game which does not work, and after some weeks and many (frustrating) updates becomes boring as hell...even if you managed to build flamethrouwers and gu-guns...this is going to be a beta forever, as long as they earn money from people who pay for this buggy and boring game..the classes and the powers are kinda all the same, they just change visual effects.
game-hours: 3.4
review: You have to pay real money to buy the ability to resurrect after your alotted 4 deaths a day. Complete , plus the game itself is not even all that fun.
game-hours: 1.3
review: I literally wasn't able to play this game to to it's bull signup process. They want you to create a Warframe account. I did so, with my e-mail adress and a non-registered Alias. They said it was complete and that I need to check my email. So I did. I waited two hours with no e-mail. So I didn't care, that was fine. They said to e-mail them to try again or something like that. There link never worked. So I once again tried to signup again with the exact same e-mail and everything. But no, it said that I was already registered, so I SHOULD theoretically be able to play the game (as it requires you to sign up to even play). But NO! I was confronted with something saying that I had to activate my account! I click on that link, and it brings me to the home page of the website. Great. I think perhaps I'll click the sign in button at the top left hand corner. It automatically brings up my e-mail and password that I inputted to sign in with. But when I hit the sign in button, IT SAYS I HAVN'T REGISTERED! Even though it quite CLEARLY stated earlier that I was registered!! UGH! Games like this piss me off. Also, I'd rather have a pay-to-play game than one with rediculously overbalancing micro-transactions.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Didn't like it the objectives are not very clear and the game is glitchy, not to mention combat in the videos is alot different than the actual gameplay
game-hours: 0.4
review: kept crashing on the first screen
game-hours: 1.6
review: too much of the same thing....got boring quick.
game-hours: 3.4
review: This game is only for donat players
game-hours: 5.9
review: Fun game - but seeing first hand what it can do to those who are addicted is disheartening. This game encourages, nay, forces you to pay if you want to keep up with the game. And the prices are scary. 500 later, my brother realised that it was time to stop Warframe. No refunds are in sight either.
game-hours: 139.6
review: You must spend your real money on it if you wanna play well. Also without many friends you won't be able to beat those strong planet.
game-hours: 1350.8
review: grind grind grind... wasted so much time. games is going down hill hard currently.
game-hours: 10.0
review: As fun as the gameplay is; the ammount of grinding that you need to do is pretty hilarious and feels unecessary. Sure you have groups of people playing with you, but with ranking up and crafting being time-gated, it sometimes feel like you're grinding just for the sake of grinding. It just feels...not worth it at times.
game-hours: 0.2
review: This game I (personally) didn't enjoy for reasons you will not find out.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Don't play this game if you want to play solo. It basically forces you to play co-op. If you don't than it just takes a ridiculous amount of time to get anywhere.
game-hours: 16.0
review: Ultra Repetitive. Very grind intensive. Takes too long to get anything good.
game-hours: 9.0
review: I will go to open it up and it will load but,when it is in the server it will show my descktop but will still have sound from the game playing.
game-hours: 527.3
review: its a grate game starting out but it soon get very repetitive as the maps all look the same but with diffirend room placement.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Bad on PS4 and bad on PC
game-hours: 216.8
review: On the early this game is "FREAKING AWESOME" but after I was playing this game so long, and I realize this game so bored bored and bored, but if they doing more often the update and gameplay it's become awesome!
game-hours: 520.9
review: not really my cup of tea.
game-hours: 13.0
review: Grind so you can get more equipment, to grind in level design that rivals Halo 1 in terms of most amount of copy-pasting. It's got better polish than your average F2P game. The content is pretty expensive and also subjectively Pay 2 Win. Because Path of Exile or Dota 2 could have done the same thing, PoE could have charged for uniques and Dota for Hero unlocks except they only charge for cosmetics. Path of Exile is a Co-op PvE game too. In Warframe you either cough up the cash or spend eternity grinding to grind some more. It's pretty much single player because there's no communication and most players tend to just hit the sprint + crouch button to reach the objective rather than collecting resources. You are forced to chase them as they reach the "ONLY CO-OP" feature of the game, where two players are need to hit a switch together to open a door. Here is a quick explaination of the gameplay: You have an overview of our solar system, you start at Mercury. Each Planet has a particular amount of missions before you proceed to the next planet. Planets also consist of resources, which drop from killed enemies or crates/storage. In a nutshell you do Co-op missions which are bland, grind items, credit and resources, purchase blueprints with the virtual credit. Each item requires certain resources. For the sake of this review let's say I want to craft a Rhino Warframe, it requires W, X, Y, Z resources. Refer to the solar system map and see which planet has those resources. Now Mercury will have "Z", Jupiter has "Y" and pluto has "W". You will have to play missions, even repeat them to aquire the neccessary resources. Once you DO GATHER THE resources, you have to wait 12-24 hours in real time for the foundry to craft the weapon. This is nothing more than a way to nudge you reminding you that the game is free to play with inconvienience. Free to play really is a tainted model unless it's Path of Exile and Dota 2 and Loadout, where it actually works. I rather cough up 29-49$ to play a full experience. All hostility aside, the game has potential, and Digital Extremes is a talented company considering they did UT1999, 03, 04 and Dark Sector. The controls and graphics are fantastic. Get rid of the buy to unlock model and look at Path of Exiles as a blue print. Also for those who are complaining about wasting money on this game to only be dissapointed 20-30 hours later, it's not the developers fault, it's the risk you take when you decide to invest in "Open Betas" and "F2P". Give this game a try, or try it's prequel single player "Dark Sector" which was an underrated game by Digital Extreme.
game-hours: 6.7
review: i want to play the game but yet somehow it will not download the updates therefore i do not like this game so far. I need help to fix this problem or somethings wrong on my computer or warframe's problem idk, but god help me
game-hours: 0.5
review: my pc cannot handle this stupid game i move, then my caracter moves 2 seconds later
game-hours: 94.5
review: At first, warframe appears to be something new and origional, with it's spectacular art style and graphics, and it's entire presentation is a feast for the eyes. However, after a few hours of gameplay grinding the same spots for the blueprients and materials to create the warframe or weapon you wanted, you will wonder to yourself "what now"? Do you grind for more gear? Get some more fancy augments? But what's the point when all your fancy warframes and weapons only make you more efficient at grinding for more stuff? Now I know what you're saying "Isn't that the basis of any MMO?" Sort off... If you boil it down any MMO is one big quest for loot, but what makes it good is how fun it is to play all the dungeons and missions to recieve these rewards, and Warframe fails it it terribly. This game becomes far too repetitive, you only have a handful of scenarios to play through on missions and the difference between them is barely remarkable. You're still fighting baddies through the same spaceship hallways, just rearranged each time. The warframes themselves are also fundamentally flawed. Each warframe has a unique set of abilities (which three are avaliable from the start, and the last only ebing avaliable when your WF is upgraded with an item that is conveniently found in the cash shop), sure, but you also have a rather limited pool of energy that you expend to use said abilities, and said pool can only be replenished by scarce pickups. So really yuor 'style' is more defined by what wepaons you have painstakenly constructed by grinding for the materials to make... and if you don't like them you're  out of luck. Not to mention the fact that there is little to no emphasis on teamwork on a multiplayer game... I mean they try to do something by making each warframe's abilities varied enough to try and do so, but if you're not sprinting down a hallway and killing things fast then you end up being more of a burden t the team. Same thing applies to pvp, nothing matters but outright damage, and you better built the right warframe for it or it's back to more grinding for you. Then there is the cash shop... while every weapon and frame can be built from materials and blueprints dropped in missions (which takes AGES of grinding) you can instantly buy them in the cash shop as well. This screams play to win in the most blatant way, but since grinding for your equipment is half the game you'll probably come to the conclusion that this isn't worth the time faster if you spend a few bucks. So despite it's flashy looks and first impressions, Warframe is a huge dissapointment. Don't get me wrong, I wanted this game to be good so badly. It's an absolute delight to look at, and the setting alone is quite good, how could you not enjoy what is essentialy a story revolving around an ancient race of alien space ninja? But sadly, the core gameplay mechanics fall short in what is a flawed game. Everything is so polished I can see someone forgetting that they've been running through what is basically the same randomized space ship for hours to find the last few materials for their lazer katana that burns things that it slices through. If only art direction could float a game on it's own, but I suppose if you're going to grind through the same spots for a while they might as well look pretty.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Bad and boring game
game-hours: 7.8
review: I was enjoying the game, it is hard to really aquire anything outside of your starters without either grinding for gear and parts for hours, and or just spending money. I had put enough time to pretty much max my orignal tenno, when I got banned. For no reason, all was said was I some how violated the EULA, when I have done nothing wrong in my knowledge, I contacted support and said after "manual review" I did indeed do "something" to do such, was not told what still, and said ban could not be lifted. Glad I never wasted my money on this at this point. I will not recommend anygame that bans players without a reasonable explination and "violating the EULA" is not reasonable.
game-hours: 646.0
review: Now this game is awesome but due to the fact it's not server based but instead peer-to-peer it has extreme connection issues which makes it more frustrating to play then fun.
game-hours: 130.4
review: It is fun olny if you have lots of money. Cons: 1. The trade system is flawed. You can buy in game currency called "Platnum" with real money and buy any thing from new Warframes to Weapons to invintory slots, but it is also tradeable. There lies the problem. People want to trade in game items for your hard spent money only. Player to Player trades olny work if the buyer has in game "real money" platnum. No item for item trades are seen or done. 2. The chat system is messed up as 99% of any text message is lost with out the person it was directed to sees it. The chat folds into the side never letting you know if somthing was said out side of the current squad, like in a clan or PM. Voice is there but limited to current squad and most people turn that off all togeather. Pros: 1. Uniqe gameplay makes it fun. Just up untill you want to make any weapon or Warframe stronger. (See con 1)
game-hours: 0.2
review: Good in certain aspects, like the combat, but the controls are kinda crappy
game-hours: 1.2
review: yah... no.
game-hours: 1.1
review: This is a milk game, you sit down and play for 5 seconds then they set their stool down next to you and proceed to ask you hello sir/madam may we milk you for everything you've got? If you say yes they pretty much rip your whole utter off. Look at those prices good grief.
game-hours: 0.9
review: its alright. Too redundant.
game-hours: 2.5
review: boring game...
game-hours: 90.0
review: It's fun for the few first hours, but then it just gets repetitive and boring.
game-hours: 3.5
review: this game is worst then licking the bottom of a toilet bowl just buy cod
game-hours: 16.4
review: It gets very boring and repetitive very quickly.
game-hours: 2.3
review: It's a ok game. But not for me. I don't like the story....
game-hours: 43.6
review: So unless Im mistaken, this game was made by the same people who created UT and the original Bioshock, so, you really have to ignore their past work when playing this game. Warframe isnt "bad" per se, its just not really finished, even now. The recent changes in melee combat fix the games biggest problem (which was its  melee combat) but all the other issues are still there. Ill start with gameplay, because just about everything else in this review is going to be opinion: The gameplay is serviceable, but not well developed, and by that I mean "it plays like something stuck somewhere between an alpha and a beta". The movement is fast, but strangely influid, the jumping and free-running feel shoehorned in and are clunky at best, and the gunplay is efficient but lacks any bite or freedback. One major feature is that the levels are generated randomly from prefab rooms. This means that you can have large labyrinthian levels to run around in, but the the sparse nature of the prefab rooms, combined with the relativly low number of prefab enrivonments (Id say there are roughly 8-10 different rooms per level-type, including hallways and connective elements) means that this interesting idea really doesnt effect the gameplay at all, and can even be downright confusing as you pass through three copies of the exact same room. The enemies are similarly bland, sporting troops, heavy troops, melee troops, and the occasional shield drone. The bosses seem to have fallen into the same blackhole of creativity as well, as they are hardly ever more than meattanks. It is also worth mentioning that while tweaking your stats with mods is easy without paying money, doing literally anything else, from buying weapons to building new warframes (this is especially daunting) pretty much requires money to avoid a hideous amout of grinding. Moving away from the basic facts of the game; I just dont like the way it looks, and the way the world is layed out. There is pretense of a story, but it is wafer thin, the missions reenforces that shallowness by providing no real context for your actions. There is only one voiced character, a sort of operations assistant who tells you when the objective changes, and a few random soundbites from bosses. This total lack of story depth is what makes the second issue in the game's presentation even harder not to laugh at: the aesthetic choices. While Ill admit I like the idea of a living biomech ninja suit, and I do even like a handfull of the warframes, for the most part the aesthetics, especially those found in the enemies and level design, are misguided at best. If you've not played the game before, go look up a picture of a Grineer trooper (the name is just the worst, they should really beat whoever came up with it with a stick). The enemy designs dont convey anything about the enemies, be it their capabilities, their position or rank, or even any kind of information about the nature of their faction. On top of this lack of narrative functionality, they just look downright goofy, as do many of the warframes, as I previously mentioned. Even though Im not going to formally recommend this game, Id still say "go try it". Apparently some people like it enough to pay money for it, and, though I believe those people have a mental illness not yet characterized by science, maybe you, dear reader, do as well.
game-hours: 1.2
review: didn't like it
game-hours: 544.6
review: After playing for many hours I can say...that this game is not fun. You get bored pretty fast, this is why people uses to play it for like two weeks, but after those? You got many strong weapons, and you think and make a good template for the Tennos you have, just to see all of your work deleted by the Updates...that eventually nerfs EVERYTHING you have, so that you have to work again on new weapons....that's the main thing. Second: bugs...it is FRUSTRATING how many bugs there are in this game, besides, the PAYMENT SYSTEM works perfectly! Some bugs even compromises the gameplay and can make you DIE, like when you have to be revived and you can just walk around, so that nobody can heal you. Third...this is a game which has been in beta for MONTHS, I've read in the reviews that somebody said that this game is in the middle way between an alpha and a beta...and I must say, I TOTALLY agree with him. A game should be in beta for months, just to give players power to try and stretch it to find as many bugs as possible, in this game users actually pay a lot to play a game which does not work, and after some weeks and many (frustrating) updates becomes boring as hell...even if you managed to build flamethrouwers and gu-guns...this is going to be a beta forever, as long as they earn money from people who pay for this buggy and boring game..the classes and the powers are kinda all the same, they just change visual effects.
game-hours: 3.4
review: You have to pay real money to buy the ability to resurrect after your alotted 4 deaths a day. Complete , plus the game itself is not even all that fun.
game-hours: 16.1
review: it sucks
game-hours: 17.4
review: f
game-hours: 4.2
review: Becomes the same thing over and over. Extremely repetitive when on the grindfest for materials that are seeminlgy impossible to find. Thusly, the game gets boring. It isnt the easiest to keep your interest in. A good selection of warframes, that seems to be getting larger, but that is a facad, becuase you will be spending the rest of your life to get the warframes unless you pay.
game-hours: 113.5
review: This game ends up being a grinding simulator
game-hours: 25.0
review: I dont realy know if i like this game because it looks really nice but it keeps saying checking for updates, the first time it told me to login but i dint have an account so i turned it off and made an account and ever since then it wont let me play :( I would reccomend this but it doesnt work for me, if it did and i like it then i would definately reccomend it
game-hours: 0.3
review: Went through the tutorial, once that ended put me onto some random screen circling planets, could not get to a menu, only chat was available, there wasnt even a way to exit the game besides alt+f4... 0/10  game, dont bother.
game-hours: 3.8
review: IT IS HORRIBLE! over all 1/10 At first I was like this is an alright game... 6/10 feeling so far... Then you get past noob level and the gun/skin/crafting info is found/shown... little uninformative to a new player, 3 forms of money, and its bottom... 5/10 Then you learn that the character levels, but you have to do a training mission thing to level... You go in there and they do not tell you sh!t and put you in a circle and then have a ton of enemy spawn in an unrealistic realm... Worst of all if you fail you have to wait 24 hours to retry, EVEN WORSE STILL, when I got level 1 it said I had to wait like 5 hours to do the training mission... What, why the duck? 1/10 Over all it is a 1/10, most games I either tell friends it is 'awesome and they should play it', 'it has good aspects, but i can not recommend', 'its okay, i'm not a big fan', or 'i do not like it'... but this game I might actually tell my friends that it is 'a bad game and they should not even trial play it ever'... pretty much burn it with fire. Dr. Jackel Mr. Hyde for the Nes is a better game, lol.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Worst visual experience ever. Mouse lags so bad. Motion blur makes me think im actually blind. The first half an hour i didn't know how to play and I was looking at planets because the menu's didn't appear until i reset my game. Really micro-transaction based. Cannot upgrade anything even buy putting in the hours into the game. If the currency for the game was cheaper I'd think about buying some points, but it's not worth it because everything that requires it is also overpriced
game-hours: 1.3
review: Got bored after 3 missions, very repetitive. The swordplay looked fun at first but ended up as boring as the gameplay. 3/10
game-hours: 3.2
review: Is the gameplay good? I honestly have no idea. I played the game a while ago and really enjoyed it. I decided to get it on steam. However, When I did this there was a massive camera glitch in the missions. The mission/world select screen worked perfectly however the cmera glitched out and I just saw a mesh of green colours. I asked in the chat for help and it was full of unsociable and a trolly community. I looked through a help section and again had no help. Maybe if this was sorted out I could have recommended the game, But its simply buggy. The new "Patches" Haven't fixed the bug, so I guess I just have to do something else until then.
game-hours: 16.5
review: Can't solve port problems. All the other games work easily without port problems. I hate this issue. When they solve it they will get a "like" from me.
game-hours: 0.6
review: Does not work - the account creation is broken and never sends an activation email. I wasted nearly an hour trying to troubleshoot this and no luck.
game-hours: 5.0
review: my warframe keeps on crashing it said that my evolution engine has stopped working pls fix it so i can play this pls :(
game-hours: 12.0
review: I'm sure this game would be awesome, if YOU COULD PLAY IT. This game makes you take a series of steps to even start INSTALLING The game. First download from steam, then Make an acccount, then activate that account in email, then get the activation key from email, then go to the game and enter the activation key, then download the updates, then log back in again. NOT TO MENTION IF YOU EVEN TYPE YOUR PASSWORD IN WRONG ONCE, THE GAME BLOCKS YOUR IP FOR SOME TIME SO YOU CANT LOG IN. What a fricking hassle.
game-hours: 4.9
review: This gets boring very quickly and requires you to buy stuff with real money constantly. Honestly. I dislike the game, simply of all the requests to buy things with real money and that it has no randomization of the sandboxes what so ever.
game-hours: 1532.9
review: Fun Games But Server management is a mess This situation is completely disappointed
game-hours: 0.8
review: This game is problably the most broken pieces of  I have ever even try to play the installer wont let you log in until you update but you cant update tell you log in.
game-hours: 25.1
review: dont plway this game they will suspend you for nothing after yu spent money
game-hours: 1.0
review: HUITA
game-hours: 701.1
review: Hardly played it. Wouldnt reccomend.
game-hours: 0.4
review: some reason i play my warframe cause it come up with an error
game-hours: 124.5
review: Needs more anal
game-hours: 134.6
review: Even with all unusual style and gameplay this game is terrible, because it requires tons of your time to grind, so you can get decent items/mods and become a player, who worth something. My favorite weapons was nerfed, new classes overpowered and old ones was nerfed hard. This game was made to suck money, because without "donation" you will waste many hours of trying to complete missions you want or get items you need. With money in your pocket you can easily get everything and turn on "easy mode". I've played long time ago and it was decent, there was of course one of the starting classes, that could win everything in solo, but the rest of them was useful. Now everything changed in a bad way. I am very disappointed.
game-hours: 1.3
review: i more of a fan of first person shooter and also the mouse movement is to sensitive
game-hours: 1.2
review: My friends have been going on and on about this game for a little over a year now and so I thought I'd try it out. No thanks. Its really dry, maps feel cramped, it just doesn't seem to move well to me. If you're heavier into 3rd person shooters I'd say go for it, but I feel like it was laggy and not worth the space on my hard drive.
game-hours: 95.6
review: great game lots of fun. To bad it comes with to many bugs and crashes and these just take the fun out of the game. fix these and i would recommend it but for now i wont
game-hours: 1.7
review: It's a simple 3rd person shooter that feels like you're playing by yourself even when you aren't. I got on and played a round alone and it was just lacking something, but it was alright. Then I tried out the online game play and this is where I would take a few things into consideration before using up hard drive space. The idea of the game, after reading up is that every unit is individual and contributes to the larger team effort in a unique way. Great concept! However it falls so flat that one might believe that it was tossed off the top of the Empire State Building. It turns into a run and outgun frag fest where all you end up doing if trying to get the most kills and score the most loot while leaving everyone else behind. The EXP has nothing to do with team preformance or teamwork and instead only values the indiviual. Thus turning what could be a great teamwork experience into Super Mario Party with guns.
game-hours: 112.6
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME its a great concept with good game mechanics but it is completely ruined by pay to play and more or less all of the interesting items you will never get because the grinding is stupidly tedious, also you have this 4 revive a day system so you cannot even grind for long periods of time. this game is great but yet another game ruined by micro transactions
game-hours: 1532.6
review: Game direction iffy, balance almost non-existant. Started off so promising but it's not getting what it needs.
game-hours: 478.5
review: Warning: this game and its studio (warframe/ digitalextreme) has sold to Perfect World Entertainment on July/2/2014. PWE has a long history of bad reputation and not before long warframe will become one of its revenue machine. Right now they are banning people talking about pwe in forum/stream. This game has its moments but it's time to move on.
game-hours: 0.5
review: it wont let me play it
game-hours: 3.5
review: Looks fun to play but keep crashing every 5 minutes or less ...
game-hours: 250.9
review: It's fun at the start, gets old fast. Dont get me wrong, if you like runescape, you'll like this. +Godly graphics +Rediculous Mechanics +Lots of content -Replayability is VERY low if you dont want to pay -Very buggy movement -No sense of progression -Have to grind -AI Are REALLY dumb and easily beaten
game-hours: 5.1
review: I like the going around slicing big bad aliens up as an intergalactic ninja known as a tenno but everything in this game gets manotnous really quick and after a while isn't worth playing
game-hours: 2.9
review: Mehh
game-hours: 1.4
review: really bad gameplay
game-hours: 1.5
review: 3               6/10  ()    !!
game-hours: 39.0
review: 38 Hours of this game and it's still excellent, although it's a bit pricey for a single player RTS
game-hours: 1.5
review: My game launcher would not download the newest update.
game-hours: 2.4
review: There's a few reasons I do not reccomend this game and they're real simple. There is a LOT of lag, the missions are not that clear, it takes for ever to figure out how things work, and when you do it'll still not work the way it was supposed to because you "pressed the wrong key" or something. It also gives me headaches byond belief. The game has potential, and I'd say to give it a try, but it's just not for me.
game-hours: 0.1
review: this game sucks
game-hours: 282.2
review: Warframe may be a costless game, but I can't think of a single person I would recommend it to. Way too many other free-to-play options exist to even bother with it.
game-hours: 1050.5
review: Game has some potential, a bit too deep in warframesque words/ language. Can use some tutorials better than it offers (wiki). Has serious issues in connecting player to player, which is its format and possible death to the game. Warframe's mantra seems to be "Connection lost to host, returning to multiplayer menu"
game-hours: 9.8
review: this game has a verry basic tutorial that only teaches you how to swap wepons move and so on but the game has allot of features that it pretty much just throws at you like they are simple and easy to use but they arent. also the game is more like a store than a game virtually all of the wepons and warframes will cost you real money.
game-hours: 74.3
review: Very fun game to play with a lot to do at the start, customize anything about your character and buy items via the store. The only downside to this game is that as you get towards the end of the game it get's repetitive.
game-hours: 52.1
review: Space Ninjas 'Nuff said
game-hours: 127.4
review: An amazing game with the best (worst for us) business model ever. Definitely not a Pay2 Win. No downsides. Boom. HEadshot. #YOLOSWAG2014BLAZEIT. Yeah. It's free. :). Done. Period.
game-hours: 4.0
review: Its an open beta. Why doesn't it say ANYWHERE in the store that its a freaking beta? I had to download 6GB to find this out. If you dont want all your progress suddenly being wiped out, stay out.
game-hours: 414.0
review: Ultra-Fast-paced Dungeon Crawling, MMO, RPG, Shooter, Hack-n-slash. A robust tutorial to make the tiresome and difficult early game easier and a very expansove end-game round out this package. Pros: graphics; If graphics are your thing this will deliver, absolutly gorgeous maxxed, but you're going to need a decent computer pros; Armory: there are tons of different weapons to choose from pruimary, secondary and melee. Cons: Armory; once you find the warframe and weapons that let you win, it gets old really fast. Community: the community is great when it's not awful . rumors of devs having a secret war against one clan or another seem unfounded on the surface as the Devs and the community at large are helpful in all ways to both new (and long time gone) players.
game-hours: 12.0
review: Very good game to say it's free.
game-hours: 0.6
review: topkek game
game-hours: 9.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 13.8
review: This is a free game that's not multiplayer! AWESOME.
game-hours: 14.0
review: this game is about being a modern ninja!!!!
game-hours: 2312.8
review: I love this game,at first i thought it was boring bu the next 5 mins its a hell lot of fun,i reccomend this game to anyone
game-hours: 33.6
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 242.1
review: Space ninjas with freakin lazerbeams! No really 10/10 - IGN The struggle for Argon Crystals is real...
game-hours: 60.2
review: Very fun game to play. easy to get used to
game-hours: 991.6
review: Space Ninjas vs Space Nazis and an evil version of apple. 69/69
game-hours: 7.7
review: Amazing game, which is surprising since its free. Its a little like Borderlands 2 but better. 9/10
game-hours: 9.7
review: this is a game i havent played
game-hours: 320.6
review: Best F2P there is for me . Not trully free though but it doesn't demand you to pay 40-50 euros so you can proceed with game . Just with 5-10 euros you can access almost everything in the game , and there is LOT. Content is added frequently with lots of updates either big or small. I recommend this game hands down. If you can play this with friends then even better !!!
game-hours: 324.6
review: Free to play, fun, lotsa guns and characters, plenty of loot and customization with monthly additions to content. It's awesome.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Good game but not for me ;)
game-hours: 5.4
review: One of the best action-adventure games I have ever played.
game-hours: 26.2
review: VERY GOOD 9.5/10
game-hours: 1.8
review: 2 nerd 4 me m8
game-hours: 84.8
review: this .. why you make so many updates? i cant play anymore  you developers ./.
game-hours: 4.0
review: Takes a lot of grinding to get access to any other weapons or warframes besides the ones you start with. Packs are too expensive to gamble on that better gear will make a mediocre 3ps worth playing. The game is pretty though.
game-hours: 10.3
review: Sucks
game-hours: 45.4
review: DISCLAIMER: This review will focus more on the negative than comparing and contrasting the positives, well because there aren't many positives. Warframe is a double edged sword. While the game is very fun and addicting, the game requires you to be grinding 24/7, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. However, there is an alternative. Spending real money. The game isn't necessarily Pay2Win because Platinum (The microtransaction currency) is so overpriced you feel discouraged to spend it on something you really, really don't need. If you don't spend that platinum to get a foundation going, you'll be spending too many hours grinding to even get your build going and getting a correct Warframe that suits you. Another upside to the whole system is that you can trade more rare items for platinum, which more or less balances out the system. Today, a Prime Access pack came out (totally optional) that offers you discounted Platinum, and access to all the new things that came out in the update. Well, I had a friend refer me BACK into Warframe thinking that it would be something reasonable like $50 USD. While that's a lot of money, this game does have a $60 value. I figured it'd be totally okay to spend $50 more on the game added on to the $100 I spent on the founder pack a year or so ago. I go to the new Prime access page, and well, it was unacceptable. Utterly unacceptable. $50 for 1050 platinum (1000 for $50 normally, what a discount right?) and the two new weapons, $80 for the new Prime Warframe, the two weapons, 2625 Platinum (A sodding rediculous increase in Platinum to make you spend more money) and a couple PROFILE ICONS. That's not where it ends either. There's ANOTHER pack for $140 USD. Which gives 4000 Platinum, all the things included previously, and get this, some silly customizations for your Warframe, an affinity booster (XP boost) and a credit boost. That's completely unacceptable and you'd have to be drunk or have too much money to know what to do with it to actually buy one of these. And people actually support this? I can't resort to anything but thinking it's blind fanboyism. To wrap everything up, this game is good. It's a fun, MMOesque beatemup that's super addicting and super entertaining to play. However, their business practices are cancer brought upon the gaming community as a whole. Steer clear of this game if you expect anything but grinding and a terrible business model that may be the worst ever proposed in a video game.
game-hours: 14.7
review: This game is a pretty good co-op game, but expect money used on it. This game is going to be harder as it goes on. So..... grab some friends.
game-hours: 464.5
review: This is a very fun game. There is so much customization for your charactor.
game-hours: 271.0
review: That was a treat for the fingers~
game-hours: 157.2
review: I dunno this will help or not but when i play warframe its just enjoyable with the Graphic setting and the gameplay itself
game-hours: 9.0
review: cooool
game-hours: 517.9
review: A solid game, fluid gameplay and good action. A bit grindy at times, and the prices for customization and other things are a tad ridiculous (5 for a color pallette to upwards of 50 for some bundles), but there's a good core threre
game-hours: 11.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 49.6
review: .         ,         2.    ,    .     -...
game-hours: 101.1
review: nice meme
game-hours: 39.7
review: uhusujibrijgbrhjrbhjwarframejfnsdjfierijbnerijbrijn
game-hours: 0.5
review: This is nothing but a waste of life
game-hours: 1.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 25.8
review: What it is hoe, ah what's up (what's up) Can a a get in them guts (them guts) Cut you up like you ain't been cut (been cut) Show your  how to really catch a nut (oh yeah yeah) Well give me you number and I'll call (I'll call) And I'll follow that  in the mall (in the mall) Take you home, let you juggle my balls (my balls) While I'm beatin and tearin down your walls (oh yeah) [Verse One] This your boy Mr. Funkadelic, what's the business baby I've been eyeing you all day in the mall miss lady You looking good, I think I seen your  in the hood With your friends dressed up, trying to front if you could But anyway, gone and drop a number or something So I can call you later on,on your phone or something Take you home, and maybe we could bone or something It's no limits to what we do,cause tonight we cutting, gut busting I'm digging in your walls something viscious With your legs to the ceiling, catch a nut someting serious You delirious,or might I say you taste so delicious With your pretty brown skin, like Almond Joys and Kisses And you ah certified head doctor Number one staller that takes  in the  and won't holler Bend you over and I"ll follow you straight to the room Where it goes down lovely in the Leagon of Doom [Chorus] [Verse Two] , you know the deal before a a even stepped Damn that  hot, seems like it's gone melt You know I give it to you til you run out of breathe Then bust a nut all over yourself The first time I called, you were juggling on my balls In and out of your jaws, I was beating down your walls Had your  breaking laws for a player was the cause And every time you seen a G you was slipping off your drawers, I recall I met your  at the mall, in the fall You the one with the dress on, let me take you home Show your  how to buss a nut, up in the guts Cut you up like you ain't been cut From the back (back) then to the side (side) to the front Turn around, you down to ride I smack them thighs, anyway that you want me So gone see about a pimp and that monkey And that's fo' sho' [Chorus] [Verse Three] What's the buiseness baby, can I get in them drawes I like the way your hands rub against my balls Cause you the one, a a met at south dekalb mall With your pretty brown skin, thick thighs and all 135 petite, and your smell is unique Maybe we can exchange numbers and hook up in the week Oh, You a freak, I knew it from the first time I saw you The way you played with your tongue, I knew right then I would call you So what it is, they call me Super Don from the ville And I'ma tell you like this, cause a a so real, and stay trill Cause all I wanna do is just drill, with that  in the air, and the  I kill And I feel, you love to  up on a hill Suck  from behind, and take nut in your grill So  chill, and shut your mouth just for a second While I lay this  down on you just like I'm Teddy
game-hours: 122.3
review: More addictive than heroin.
game-hours: 1012.7
review: It's one of those neverending betas. Farming is the main concept of the game, and even if you enjoy the fantastic gameplay and the variety of weapons, it forces you to buy slots for them, and its very tedious, also there is nothing else to it, you finish every star system, some lame story arcs that serve the purpose of making you farm even more to unlock more features and that's it, The most outstanding feature of the game is the trading system, if you farm enough, you may get good stuff that you may sell for platinum (the currency you normally would have to pay for with real money) to buy the same stuff at a smaller price and resell it again, repeat this enough times and you will find yourself with enough platinum to buy a house. if you like this kind of game, go for it. i mean its not bad, its good, it feels good to kill stuff, it feels good to have friends killing stuff with you, it feels good to cut enemies, but i wouldn't recommend this game unless is just there to waste time.
game-hours: 302.6
review: great game!
game-hours: 359.1
review: One of the greatest F2Ps to date!
game-hours: 18.9
review: 71/100
game-hours: 781.8
review: Fun and rewarding
game-hours: 4.4
review: great game!!!
game-hours: 19.1
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 178.8
review: i love everything about this game there is absolutly nothing i dislike;)
game-hours: 2.8
review: The community has some great "art." yep......
game-hours: 67.4
review: PROS: Great PVE Fun Variaty of weapons and frames. mods to enhance gameplay not p2w (its not competative and you can unlock all but cosmetics through grinding) Graphics are amazing and are even better than most AAA titles. Combat is fluid, makes you feel like you are a true Space Ninja badass Lots of missions Consistant updates(Love the new update, I'm in a space ship!!) Addictive CONS: Is repetative because it is infact a PVE game so you will be killing things over and over again. Sometimes get massive lag spikes when playing online. PVP is kinda terrible in my opinion, that's just cause i get owned by people higher level than me. Don't be discouraged, PVP isn't where the fun is at. If you want pvp then play BF4 or something. The Parkour is kinda clunky IMO Don't expect a story unless you want to look it up and read the lore(Don't see why they couldn't of just tried harder for the story, seems like they halfassed it and then gaveup) Because there's no story you feel like you farming for items. Hard to make friends because 1/100 people you play with say hi back and then not respond when i suggest we play again:( May feel discouraged the amount of hours you have to grind for to get frames( but don't be, instead turn that into motivation to achieve your goal in gettting that new frame!) VERDICT: If you go in with the right mindset that this is a free to play game and you dont need to pay for anything to have fun and no one has an advantage over you, because it is PVE and you not competing with anyone, then you'll love it. However, thinking that it'll be easy and that the game will just hand it over to you on a plate is just being naive. This is one step below TF2 and Dota 2's Free to play model. So no other f2p game on steam is better than this one and since tf2 is pvp, and dota 2's a moba, this is the only free option that is a 3rd person PVE game. I have to say this is an excellent, both visually and in gameplay. You'll find this game fun if you motivate yourself to get better warframes and weapons. I just wished they did a better job at the story. Hopefully the updates will fix this. PS. I know I keep going on about the story, but if the game actually had a freakin story then It would be on par with AAA games. TL;DR You get to be a freaking Space Ninja and the game delivers beautifully. Just wish it had a story.
game-hours: 321.1
review: If you can't make frag in good pvp-games, play this pve- - you will be a pro. Or just buy Borderlands 2 - this will be better, than donate in beta-sh!t.
game-hours: 790.0
review: All free games have 2 types of currency, the kind you pay for with real money (Platinum), and the kind you get from playing the game and completing levels. This game is no exception, but there are some companies that take advantage of this and become Pay to Win (Basically, this means that if you don't pay real money, you can't compete with the people that do). Thankfully, this game has a healthy balance. It is possible to get everything (Except cosmetics) from playing the game, in fact, there are even things you can't buy from the market place using ANY kind of currency. All you need is patience. If you don't want to wait, then you can pay real money and get everything then. If you want the Prime Weapons, there are 2 ways to get them: 1) Buy them from other players (This means that there is no set price for any one item, all prices are based on supply and demand and/or the niceness of the seller/buyer) or 2) you can earn them from running missions in the void (The void being a node system that increases in difficulty and offers different rewards for different missions on different difficulties). Do I recommend this game? Heck yeah!!
game-hours: 135.9
review: It has amazing multiplayer action and adventure
game-hours: 57.8
review: Out of all the F2p Co-op games out there, I strongly suggest this one.
game-hours: 234.1
review: If you are prepared to have an intimate relationship with your PC then get warframe.
game-hours: 28.7
review: Awesome Game :D
game-hours: 52.8
review: Best F2P
game-hours: 1.5
review: defs
game-hours: 1672.1
review: - Get clem - Tenno skoom - RNGesus - DID YOU REALLY BELIEVE IT WOULD BE THIS EASY!!!!! - Grate Prime - Birdlifters - It's the grineer - Combat formation bravo
game-hours: 173.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 7.3
review: First level is hard after the turtorial never got passed it. I wish they'll make the first one Co-op
game-hours: 16.6
review: tons of fun free to play (doesn't seem like a pay to win, but pay for pretty much anything stylistic) SPACE NINJAS nothing else needs saying
game-hours: 292.9
review: Spaaaace Ninjars!~
game-hours: 61.6
review: Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat
game-hours: 26.8
review: It's fun. Grindy, but fun.
game-hours: 4.2
review: It was fun but the missions just repeat over and over just with slightly different objectives. A lot of customization.
game-hours: 3678.4
review: Space ninjas are awesome. Play this game.
game-hours: 88.0
review: Its super fun, yeah a bit repetitive but I really love it. You have to try it!
game-hours: 4.0
review: yes
game-hours: 88.7
review: its likes gunz the duel mixed with halo and some sort of fps
game-hours: 8.0
review: Awsome game Stealth n  Companions Clans It's awesome
game-hours: 5.6
review: This game is amazing for a free game. 20/10 would play again
game-hours: 7.2
review: The game is very fun from the beginning. Though with more play time, I get bored of it. Might just be me.
game-hours: 24.6
review: What the hell!? i got banned reason: people agreed to ban me for no crappy reason, i cant log onto their forums. im trying to find a solution for this but. i can play again in 2035. et
game-hours: 266.4
review: Its a Pay2Win game :( . And don't try play solo in the beginning...
game-hours: 27.3
review: amazing game even better as its free :D go play it now
game-hours: 104.6
review: Good 3rd person shooter, great customisation but my only issue is like most FREE games nearly all the items cost way too much (most have to be bought with converted money to in game points), the transaction cost from real money to in game credits is simply silly. I would like to give them a bit of money for the game but not at that rate. i.e 125 in game points is 6.99 when 125p won't get you a new character. 75p is to unlock a colour pallet! one! of the pallets. That said!! it is still a fun shooter with some interesting moves and a good story line. So I'd say give this game a go!
game-hours: 131.5
review: It worked kinda...once.
game-hours: 6.6
review: 9/10 I liked it alot and the game play was amasing but aside from all that it is nearly impossible to get your platium back without having to pay it annoys me because that means you have to be mlg pro to beat levels without revives and auto refill is ridiculously over priced to my standards of a free2play, its is a great game dont get me wrong but as soon as your revives go its nearly impossible to advance further into the game restasured this game is great but i would like to see more platium in the future.
game-hours: 135.3
review: grate game thats all i have to say
game-hours: 47.1
review: Nothing is more satisfiying then cutting multiple enemies in half with one slice
game-hours: 257.0
review: I played this game a while back when it was still in beta. I have to say it was quite addictive and fun to play. If you enjoy the concept of space ninja's, FPS, along with having melee weapons as an option, then you will certainly find enjoyment here. Personally I love the art direction and style of this game, the Frames themselves are designed beautifully. On the flip side, if you are looking for an extensive storyline and/or plot, and character development, or PVP, then this will not be the game for you. Overall though, if you want a FUN game to play, then give it a shot, it is a lot of fun. (After not playing for a while, and seeing it now offered on Steam, I am going to be getting giving it another go).
game-hours: 16.6
review: I would recommend this game to people who are willing to spend a lot of money on things like customization and upgrades, unless you can enjoy the standalone fun of the free game.
game-hours: 10.8
review: The perfect Free-to-play RPG. Other than the fact that it only downloads one MB per second. In a 700 - 800 mb update!
game-hours: 0.3
review: bababalala
game-hours: 1304.4
review: It's Free and you get to chop people into a million pieces... Enough said 11/10
game-hours: 133.9
review: I started this game back in version 7.0 and it was amazing. I spent enough time on it to make it worth spending cash on it, and it didn't disappoint. When update 10 came out I was a bit warry of the new UI and redone stamina system. But all in all it was still great. Then version 11 came out... They completely remade the damage system, ruining many people's builds, changing the weaknesses of the enemies, limiting your options dramatically. Melee weapons became almost useless, formerly amazing guns were now junk, and everything you spent money on was wasted. The time and effort people put into this game when they loved it, when it wasn't overcomplicated, was good. I loved the game. But change is always make-or-break for anything and in this case it broke me. I'll look back fondly on my time playing the game, but that was a different time. Pros: -Space Ninjas -Graphics -Audio Cons: -Cash items are overpriced -Takes forever to craft things -Takes even longer to get the parts to craft them -Don't even get me started on Neurodes... -Damage 2.0 made things far more involved -All the remakes of the maps are harder to navigate -It's now hard to distinguish enemies from friends, and those from the terrain -Boss changes that make no sense -Harder to navigate the menus than it used to be, your character even gets in the way now.
game-hours: 11.5
review: ..,jbnk
game-hours: 1081.6
review: Great game. Updates daily and hotfixes daily. New stuff everytime.
game-hours: 193.2
review: Badabing Badaboom. -MLK
game-hours: 3.4
review: NIcee
game-hours: 0.4
review: Not for me. Played the beginning mission, got to the loading screen and it just kept loading. Im sure this game has a lot of cool stuff to offer if more time is put into it. Its free try it and make up your own mind.
game-hours: 67.4
review: PROS: Great PVE Fun Variaty of weapons and frames. mods to enhance gameplay not p2w (its not competative and you can unlock all but cosmetics through grinding) Graphics are amazing and are even better than most AAA titles. Combat is fluid, makes you feel like you are a true Space Ninja badass Lots of missions Consistant updates(Love the new update, I'm in a space ship!!) Addictive CONS: Is repetative because it is infact a PVE game so you will be killing things over and over again. Sometimes get massive lag spikes when playing online. PVP is kinda terrible in my opinion, that's just cause i get owned by people higher level than me. Don't be discouraged, PVP isn't where the fun is at. If you want pvp then play BF4 or something. The Parkour is kinda clunky IMO Don't expect a story unless you want to look it up and read the lore(Don't see why they couldn't of just tried harder for the story, seems like they halfassed it and then gaveup) Because there's no story you feel like you farming for items. Hard to make friends because 1/100 people you play with say hi back and then not respond when i suggest we play again:( May feel discouraged the amount of hours you have to grind for to get frames( but don't be, instead turn that into motivation to achieve your goal in gettting that new frame!) VERDICT: If you go in with the right mindset that this is a free to play game and you dont need to pay for anything to have fun and no one has an advantage over you, because it is PVE and you not competing with anyone, then you'll love it. However, thinking that it'll be easy and that the game will just hand it over to you on a plate is just being naive. This is one step below TF2 and Dota 2's Free to play model. So no other f2p game on steam is better than this one and since tf2 is pvp, and dota 2's a moba, this is the only free option that is a 3rd person PVE game. I have to say this is an excellent, both visually and in gameplay. You'll find this game fun if you motivate yourself to get better warframes and weapons. I just wished they did a better job at the story. Hopefully the updates will fix this. PS. I know I keep going on about the story, but if the game actually had a freakin story then It would be on par with AAA games. TL;DR You get to be a freaking Space Ninja and the game delivers beautifully. Just wish it had a story.
game-hours: 321.1
review: If you can't make frag in good pvp-games, play this pve- - you will be a pro. Or just buy Borderlands 2 - this will be better, than donate in beta-sh!t.
game-hours: 327.1
review: Awesome game, combining the futuristic fantasy universe of starwars, graphics and ambience of crysis 3 and awesome momentum of neverwinternight, a must have... Ever wanted to shoot dual pistols in a mid-air jump stance, pin ennemies to walls with bows and crossbows picasso style, throw shuriken and kunai to make ennmies pincushions ninja style, handle swords, axes, scynthes and many more with awesome moves, guns with terrible powers from the grenade launching penta to the flame throwing ogris beam laser deta, and uprading them all to the max with overpowered mods? this game is one hell of a kind and was really fun to play. And of course, always remember... NINJAS PLAY FREE!!!
game-hours: 10.6
review: Only 10 hours and already bored.
game-hours: 124.9
review: space ninjas. nuf said
game-hours: 330.4
review: The concept of the game and all of that is fine. You grind and farm items like resources and weapons parts, warframe parts to be able to build desired weapon/equipment. All of a sudden the devs decided to remove 3 items from the game, one Prime warframe (better than "normal" one and 2 weapons, one which is fairly easy to get and can help you...thanks a lot devs, kindly go  yourself. The devs are lazy as , game breaking bugs, leaning closely to p2w (pay-to-win) you can unlock warframes (characters with different abilities) for real money, buy many upgrades for real money, only reason people arent crying about is because its a PvE based game. Soon there will be some sort of a "Prime Acess"- i only hope that wont be p2w. Game bugs are terrible - from making your weapons and your warframe "unranked" which makes them pointless and locks their true potential - to invisible lasers you have to pass to gather enemy intelligence, just because their coding is so great and all that. IF you have no one to play with, its impossible to solo missions, at least those at higher levels where really good items drop and are worth your time. Some enemies are simply too OP to be fought with normal weapons (they need to make some tweeks about it, but ya gl with these devs, which brings me to farming those "Prime" weapons and good weapon modification from RNG drops requiers huge amount of luck because their RNG is just so bad. Their RNG system is utter , you get objectives each mission to gain exp , but some of them are just impossible to do (example: Hack a console - when there are no consoles in that mission) All in all i dont recommend it at all
game-hours: 8.3
review: Valkyr's butt kept me playing. 10/10 would rate again.
game-hours: 122.3
review: More addictive than heroin.
game-hours: 1012.7
review: It's one of those neverending betas. Farming is the main concept of the game, and even if you enjoy the fantastic gameplay and the variety of weapons, it forces you to buy slots for them, and its very tedious, also there is nothing else to it, you finish every star system, some lame story arcs that serve the purpose of making you farm even more to unlock more features and that's it, The most outstanding feature of the game is the trading system, if you farm enough, you may get good stuff that you may sell for platinum (the currency you normally would have to pay for with real money) to buy the same stuff at a smaller price and resell it again, repeat this enough times and you will find yourself with enough platinum to buy a house. if you like this kind of game, go for it. i mean its not bad, its good, it feels good to kill stuff, it feels good to have friends killing stuff with you, it feels good to cut enemies, but i wouldn't recommend this game unless is just there to waste time.
game-hours: 302.6
review: great game!
game-hours: 359.1
review: One of the greatest F2Ps to date!
game-hours: 18.9
review: 71/100
game-hours: 781.8
review: Fun and rewarding
game-hours: 4.4
review: great game!!!
game-hours: 19.1
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 178.8
review: i love everything about this game there is absolutly nothing i dislike;)
game-hours: 11.3
review: Hyv peli vaikka vasta Beta Versiossa mutta ladatkaa ihmeess 4 pelaajan Coop tai yksin
game-hours: 633.5
review: This game, is perfect. You use space ninjas and so questionable space ninjas ("cough" rhino, valkyr, ember, frost, hydroid"cough"). This 3rd person shooter is epic, Digital Extremes actually listens to players. This game, is the perfection of 3rd person shooters. Only thing its missing is a cover system, but god damn it does not need one
game-hours: 25.8
review: What it is hoe, ah what's up (what's up) Can a a get in them guts (them guts) Cut you up like you ain't been cut (been cut) Show your  how to really catch a nut (oh yeah yeah) Well give me you number and I'll call (I'll call) And I'll follow that  in the mall (in the mall) Take you home, let you juggle my balls (my balls) While I'm beatin and tearin down your walls (oh yeah) [Verse One] This your boy Mr. Funkadelic, what's the business baby I've been eyeing you all day in the mall miss lady You looking good, I think I seen your  in the hood With your friends dressed up, trying to front if you could But anyway, gone and drop a number or something So I can call you later on,on your phone or something Take you home, and maybe we could bone or something It's no limits to what we do,cause tonight we cutting, gut busting I'm digging in your walls something viscious With your legs to the ceiling, catch a nut someting serious You delirious,or might I say you taste so delicious With your pretty brown skin, like Almond Joys and Kisses And you ah certified head doctor Number one staller that takes  in the  and won't holler Bend you over and I"ll follow you straight to the room Where it goes down lovely in the Leagon of Doom [Chorus] [Verse Two] , you know the deal before a a even stepped Damn that  hot, seems like it's gone melt You know I give it to you til you run out of breathe Then bust a nut all over yourself The first time I called, you were juggling on my balls In and out of your jaws, I was beating down your walls Had your  breaking laws for a player was the cause And every time you seen a G you was slipping off your drawers, I recall I met your  at the mall, in the fall You the one with the dress on, let me take you home Show your  how to buss a nut, up in the guts Cut you up like you ain't been cut From the back (back) then to the side (side) to the front Turn around, you down to ride I smack them thighs, anyway that you want me So gone see about a pimp and that monkey And that's fo' sho' [Chorus] [Verse Three] What's the buiseness baby, can I get in them drawes I like the way your hands rub against my balls Cause you the one, a a met at south dekalb mall With your pretty brown skin, thick thighs and all 135 petite, and your smell is unique Maybe we can exchange numbers and hook up in the week Oh, You a freak, I knew it from the first time I saw you The way you played with your tongue, I knew right then I would call you So what it is, they call me Super Don from the ville And I'ma tell you like this, cause a a so real, and stay trill Cause all I wanna do is just drill, with that  in the air, and the  I kill And I feel, you love to  up on a hill Suck  from behind, and take nut in your grill So  chill, and shut your mouth just for a second While I lay this  down on you just like I'm Teddy
game-hours: 1.4
review: This is what Destiny should have been.
game-hours: 12.6
review: LOVE THIS GAME. SO FUTURISTIC
game-hours: 51.9
review: good game
game-hours: 1.9
review: It's a good game about grinding. Kind of strange, but yeah, a good game.
game-hours: 401.3
review: Worth putting time AND Money into. A very very well built game with a lot of fun elements
game-hours: 527.8
review: its a good game definetly try it
game-hours: 73.5
review: In the eternal-open-beta Grindframe you either: pay to play smoothly or grind you  out to boredom. It is fun enough while it last though.
game-hours: 340.1
review: i love this game, clean and crisp graphics, but i can't recommend just to the fact that it's just grinding, that is literally all there is to this game. grinding
game-hours: 61.4
review: It's a really good pay to win game.
game-hours: 58.5
review: r8 8/8 g8 b8 m8
game-hours: 9.8
review: used to play this but my cp is too noob
game-hours: 419.8
review: If you love Team Fortress 2, you will love this game. It feels like one of your favorite future sci-fy game mixed with your favorite zombie game and they juse had a baby and ended up with this. Addicting too.
game-hours: 6.4
review: makes my  hard
game-hours: 43.4
review: Fun game but to much grind to do any fun stuff
game-hours: 34.9
review: Very repetitive, but the updates that come and all of the weapons are great. Playing with other people/friends is a lit of fun as well. 8/10
game-hours: 3.0
review: Warframe, whether being played casually or in a more hardcore direction, offers plenty of entertainment. From loot drops to grinds, the game is a wonderful change of scenery in the seemingly bloated, dull F2P category in which we're all trying to fill a void with. Although yes, there are some options to spend money, there is nothing required. Everything can be bought after desiring and grinding for it. All in all, I'd give this game 8/10. I indeed recommend.
game-hours: 2.6
review: this game is fun but its hard
game-hours: 554.9
review: for ninja players
game-hours: 2.0
review: Po is now living his dream as The Dragon Warrior, protecting the Valley of Peace alongside his friends and fellow kung fu masters, The Furious Five. But Po's new life of awesomeness is threatened by the emergence of a formidable villain, who plans to use a secret, unstoppable weapon to conquer China and destroy kung fu. Po must look to his past and uncover the secrets of his mysterious origins; only then will he be able to unlock the strength he needs to succeed
game-hours: 86.8
review: AAA quality, interesting visual style, perfect controls even for mouse and keyboard. Does it have any flaws at all?
game-hours: 224.4
review: really good game
game-hours: 2.1
review: Another one of those Pay2Win games. Fortunately, the PvP is extremely bland, and everyone does the PvE, so you can enjoy the game's content to a degree without paying a dime. The entire game is a huge grind, with no sort of side activity or anything to mask it. It will be painful. It will be boring. Though, the first few hours of gameplay, it will be fun, entertaining. With plenty of different playstyles, characters, and weapons (Latter two require $, or extreme patience (10+ hours for materials to craft the itme you want if you're lucky)). But for the things you can experience for free, the fun melee combat, the special attacks, the stunning visuals (with bad texture pop-in :c) I'd have to give this game a 6.5/10.
game-hours: 72.8
review: game says go in as a ninja... the reality is just go in kill everything then do the objective
game-hours: 4.1
review: I love this game, just wish my parents hadn't gotten rid of it
game-hours: 599.7
review: Great Demo, cant wait for the full game! What? its already a few years old? It feels so incompleet, but looks so good and new and fresh. So much potential, but all there is is grind and the developers rather add some cosmetics than actually build out the game to what it could be. Also, if you stop playing after a while, they will kill your dog.
game-hours: 3.7
review: like f2p but not
game-hours: 59.0
review: nice not more
game-hours: 1.3
review: .
game-hours: 56.3
review: **WARNING** DO NOT PUSH THE DOWNLOAD BUTTON Why? Because if you do you will certainly lose your girlfriend, your study grades and your life. You may also never be able to see any live human being or the sun ever again.
game-hours: 210.5
review: Ninjas in space!!! nuff said...
game-hours: 5.5
review: Not what you expect, but in a good and bad way. Mainly Bad. When the game isnt pouring instructions at you over and over without telling you how to do it, or when the game decides you dont need to see so it puts up a talking face, the game is good. Gamplay: 6/10 Fustration for game: 11/10 The lack of showing you how to do things and objective markers that move, make the game already harder than it is, with overpowering damage from NPC's. Another great thing is that if you want to get any weapons or gadgets/mods, you pay real money! Other then the fact nothing costs the money you get from missions, even if you do buy the blueprints with this. You have to play a sokid few hours to even get the components to make it, which it also doesnt tell you how to find components. Overall, I give the game a 4.5/10
game-hours: 1169.3
review: Warframe is an amazing game, that I just cannot stop playing, even though I am not the type who enjoys shooting games. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes Sci-fi style games
game-hours: 617.5
review: I like this game, it is a lot of lot of fun when your a high level!
game-hours: 2.5
review: if you like micro transactions it is a fun hack and slash 3d person shooter
game-hours: 67.2
review: Absolutely fantastic.
game-hours: 0.2
review: ok
game-hours: 20.8
review: This game is amazing, great graphics and suberb gameplay. Multiplayer is a blast and working towards new gear is fun. I am not too far in but so far it has me hooked.
game-hours: 0.6
review: the devs just have no idea how to make authentication works
game-hours: 169.1
review: No bcs they cannt even work out basic thing like login into game, I downloaded game and when I try login it says login failed check your info. After that I read all over forums how to fix that and I find out that many ppl have same problem and it will fix it if u are lucky. SO it will be thumb up after I manage to login first
game-hours: 12.0
review: This game is the Biggest waste of time, rip off i have ever had the misfortune to play, unless you are either an idiot and like throwing money at a free game or have no life, you will have no fun playing this game, it is a gimmik i enjoyed it for around three hours after that i found out you need around 50 - 60 hours a week for farming and then when you finally have all the required parts for somethinf it takes anywhere from 12 hours to three days for it ot be complete. this game is a pure waste of time i would rather gouge out my eyes with crab claws covered in salt and lemon juice then ever play this again
game-hours: 4.8
review: This game is boring. All you have to do is complete uninspired missions such as defend something, retrieve data, kill all the enemies of the area etc. It's not fun, it's osnly repetitive. At least the gunplay is ok and graphics are not really bad for a f2p game.
game-hours: 118.5
review: Waste of time. Made account cant even log in. Reset password twice still no joy. Second account made still no joy. Server reporter says it up but a quick Google search shows this happens to a lot of people. Don't waste your time.
game-hours: 0.3
review: my god i cant even play it i keep changing my password,i confirmed my password and my email and skill nothing,im so mad but i want to try it it looks cool, LOLOLOLOLIKE
game-hours: 338.3
review: man this is the most awsome game ever i d'ont wanna tell wats inside because i don't wanna make the suprise lame so look for your self i think youl like it!
game-hours: 58.7
review: It's quite fun
game-hours: 117.2
review: if you have anything less than 10gb of ram dont bother downloading pretty much unplayable
game-hours: 100.4
review: Ever wondered what it might be like to be a ninja in space? Me either, but this game shows that its possible.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Seems like a cool game except I cant seem to get past the first part. There is some god damn gate that I cant get through, I've watched tutorials on YouTube that show them crouching and walking underneath it but the damn gate is closed all the way with no indication of how I should open it or what I should do. So if anyone finds out let me know and Ill change this review, until then I cant exactly play the game.
game-hours: 86.8
review: AAA quality, interesting visual style, perfect controls even for mouse and keyboard. Does it have any flaws at all?
game-hours: 594.0
review: You can   up, get paid, buy and make more tools to   up and repeat. 10/10
game-hours: 1302.6
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING GET IT B4 ITS NOT FREE
game-hours: 1275.5
review: Excellent game. Lots of customization options, many types of weapons and characters (Warframes) with extremely varying abilities. You never have to pay for anything if you don't want to, either. I farmed everything and have built every frame by getting their parts myself. Extremely gratifying and an amazing game!
game-hours: 15.8
review: Best Graphics Ever For An Indie Game!! When I play free-to-play games on steam, I always think "Man, this will probaly have the WORST graphics and gameplay" But the seccond I played it, I was like "HOLY *BLEEP*" That was my thought when first entering the game. But later I was thinking BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 134.4
review: The game is beautiful, im not one to like shooters like this, and i love it, cant have a day i dont play an hour or 2 if i can get away with more, but in a fairly big issue is the game needs a dedicated server, the shenanigans i have to do for multiplayer to work is very unpleasant some days it can take 4 hours for a scheduled meet to work out and others we give up and solo what we can. all in all this minus dwarfs more the pluses but regardless i am actively recommending my friends this game, though im not using the ingame recruitment option.
game-hours: 23.3
review: This could very well be the greatest free to play game on the market. I love it.The latest update makes the game feel a lot like Destiny. Except it's not 60 bucks.
game-hours: 36.0
review: this game is awesome!!
game-hours: 793.4
review: JOIN MY WARFRAME CLAN WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 1.4
review: This is what Destiny should have been.
game-hours: 12.6
review: LOVE THIS GAME. SO FUTURISTIC
game-hours: 51.9
review: good game
game-hours: 1.9
review: It's a good game about grinding. Kind of strange, but yeah, a good game.
game-hours: 401.3
review: Worth putting time AND Money into. A very very well built game with a lot of fun elements
game-hours: 527.8
review: its a good game definetly try it
game-hours: 145.9
review: Farming simulator 2015 (in space)
game-hours: 141.5
review: k
game-hours: 41.0
review: +1
game-hours: 4.3
review: great game had lost of enjoyable moments !
game-hours: 5.2
review: "fun, fun, fun, fun, lookin foward to the weekend." -Rebbeca Black
game-hours: 1.6
review: Weird  game, but in a cool way
game-hours: 121.5
review: good game :)
game-hours: 10.2
review: fun
game-hours: 0.5
review: It keeps crashing so i cant play,but it looks like a great game. Ive watched trailers and seen gameplay,pictures,and more and it looks great. So good job creaters on making this game. It looks great! :)
game-hours: 17.0
review: very gaem))))
game-hours: 11.5
review: A very fun game to play. It has lots of content for you to use and personalise your Warframes. It may seem confusing at first but you will quickly realise it isn't actually that confusing. there is a massive variety in the way you play the can, such as the way the Warframes succeed - each one must be played differently.
game-hours: 87.8
review: Nice Fight Game, its so nice too see the Enemy died.
game-hours: 102.2
review: ing parkour space pirate-ish ninjas taking down a corrupted corporation and an insane dictatorish military government. Yes.
game-hours: 76.3
review: Grinding sim 2015, the one where you need friends
game-hours: 176.5
review: Just try it, its free and easy too setup. Really fun game too play, nice grafik. Can't really find any bad too say. Give 9/10 and only that cos off the endless grind
game-hours: 0.8
review: Highly recommended if you like playing first person shooters. The game will feel uncomfortable at first due to the settings but can be tweaked to fit your likings.
game-hours: 55.0
review: Decent gameplay but if your going ftp prepare to grind alot
game-hours: 40.3
review: If you like playing horde games, you'll love this. If you like grinding, you'll love this. If you like long and argeous quests to get new items with shortcuts you have to play for, then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 511.4
review: pretty entertaining for a grindfest.
game-hours: 270.4
review: Best Free 2 play game Ive ever played. At first it seems like a hack and slash. However the depth this game goes to is amazing.
game-hours: 156.1
review: i first started playing this game in release but i foud that either i was really bad at the game or there was serious balncing issues but i started again about i dont know 4 months ago and the game has really taken a turn for the better and i can say that. this game is really worth a 9/10 rating if not bordering 10/10 (pardon my spelling and bad grammar )
game-hours: 1094.5
review: This game makes me cry in a corner about my life...
game-hours: 277.0
review: The game is going the pay2win road, after some hours its just grind for new weps that are  and only the prime weapons are good. The new "cool" weps are so bad none uses them melee is ussless in high levels you have to grind 12 hours for resources then you craft warframe parts 12H then you wait 3 DAYS for warframe and some of them have only 1 skill thats good or some are so bad none uses them. Sorry for misspelling.
game-hours: 330.3
review: The game is fun to play, i can enjoy it and do something, but since update 16 there has been some bugs, e.g matchamking is down, you cant play with anybody becuase the chat is stuck on loading, but other then that i love it <3
game-hours: 1.6
review: GG
game-hours: 1.1
review: This game is awesome, many variations in frames, awesome weapons. This game is one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 21.0
review: ALL OF YOU GAY GABE
game-hours: 65.2
review: fun to play and the updates get better and better
game-hours: 15.4
review: 2 Words. Space. Ninjas.
game-hours: 9.8
review: run around and press buttans its pretty cool but i dont get the menus A++ i think
game-hours: 85.4
review: This is a great game to play for players ona budget. Controls are odd but with practice its easy to control. Much fun for players that like to play with friends and allies. 9.5/10.
game-hours: 4.5
review: ITS BADASS ALL MUST PLAY NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 192.1
review: One of the best f2p game I've ever played so far. Good graphics and really nice gameplay. Though it's pretty repetitive, but nevertheless still addictive. 9.5/10
game-hours: 0.1
review: my name is squeaker joe i rate 0/10 have to verify email
game-hours: 9.3
review: After couple of hrs of gameplay you get bored and used to the game / Gear is farmable but you need to put in some time instead of money if you wish / There is no end game "quest" or an objective that you lead
game-hours: 0.8
review: This game is extremely stupid. It won't even let you start the game, so you open it and it says "PLAY" click that and screen turns black. D:
game-hours: 15.2
review: Great free to play game, sort of like a mix of Borderlands 2, Halo and Gears of War. I like to think this game is a space ninja simulator. My only complaint is that its extremely hard to get decent weapons and characters without paying.
game-hours: 0.7
review: 6/9 -IGN 4/20 -Smoke weed erday 3/3 -Ilumminati overall better then twilight -twilight
game-hours: 1011.8
review: Most sexy game ever!!!!!
game-hours: 5.3
review: Ez gud 11/10
game-hours: 4.9
review: all
game-hours: 635.9
review: Much grind, very pew pew
game-hours: 10.9
review: This game makes my day, i wish there were more players willing to help the others out...A.K.A me. but i love it from the time i started the game. :) :) :) :)
game-hours: 70.9
review: 8/10
game-hours: 1900.5
review: This game was good, but the devs routinely ruin entire characters and horribly nerf abilities JUST BECAUSE A FEW S FIGURED OUT HOW TO FARM A SINGLE LEVEL EFFECTIVELY. That's right. Instead of rewarding players who are intelligent enough to figure out a super powerful strategy, they PENALIZE ANYONE WHO USES THOSE CHARACTERS OR ABILITIES EVEN IF THEY HAVE NEVER IN THEIR LIFE POWER-LEVELED. So in other words, DE is ruining Trinity, Mag and Excalibur's best abilities simply because some people figured out how to power-level a mission called Viver, on Eris. This is bad game development. I am shocked at the poor choices DE has made recently - after such a good update like archwing they go and shoot themselves in the foot like this. PROTIP: IF YOU WANT TO BE A GOOD GAME DEVELOPER YOU SHOULD REWARD INTELLIGENT PLAYERS NOT PENALIZE THEM. You should also not PENALIZE PLAYERS WHO AREN'T EVEN AWARE OF THE VIVER "exploit". I am hesitant to call it an "exploit" because it takes a lot of mods, reactors catalysts and dedication to get a character to the point where they can be useful in a Viver farm. Not everyone even has the mods to be ABLE to do it. But _EVERYONE_ in the warframe community is going to have excal, mag and trinity get nerfed. Everyone suffers even if they've never even HEARD of viver farming. That is bad game development.
game-hours: 5.3
review: Ez gud 11/10
game-hours: 635.9
review: Much grind, very pew pew
game-hours: 7.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2220.7
review: im not sure what i can say about this game that hasn't been said already im sure every one else has put it into prospective for you but i sure wouldn't invest 1,900 hours into a game i didn't enjoy thats all i have to say.
game-hours: 2.7
review: great game
game-hours: 2.7
review: In Warframe you are a tenno a.k.a a BADASS SPACE NINJA! In warframe you choose missions and buy new weapons. I would definitely buy this game for 59.99 but I don't have too because it's free.
game-hours: 86.1
review: You're a ninja in space fighting aliens. 10/10
game-hours: 4.0
review: If you want to kill things this is 10/10 ign
game-hours: 2.7
review: In Warframe you are a tenno a.k.a a BADASS SPACE NINJA! In warframe you choose missions and buy new weapons. I would definitely buy this game for 59.99 but I don't have too because it's free.
game-hours: 86.1
review: You're a ninja in space fighting aliens. 10/10
game-hours: 4.0
review: If you want to kill things this is 10/10 ign
game-hours: 4.5
review: Space Ninjas that can do flips? Best Game Ever 10/10
game-hours: 719.9
review: good free coop!
game-hours: 1036.1
review: over 1k hours says this game is completely worth a try. can be hard to get into for some but if you stick to it you will find this game 20 times more addictive then games like Dota 2 and TF2. The last game i clocked this many hours in was Chris Roberts previous game Freelancer. Definitely worth your time :D
game-hours: 373.5
review: great game m8 r8 8/8 no h8
game-hours: 9.6
review: It is a great game 3rd person view game and all, also has a really good story. The only problem is... It crashes after every time I finish a mission the game crashes.
game-hours: 515.8
review: When does it come out on mac?
game-hours: 479.6
review: Amazing game! I have yet to run into anyting like it. 400+ hrs.
game-hours: 7.7
review: Get it its fun even though there is a little bit of pay2win
game-hours: 97.7
review: YES
game-hours: 7.4
review: Now it's been awhile since I've played this game, but from the last time I played it I can say that the graphics in the trailer and the graphics ingame are pretty darn close. It's not my personal preferred genre of game, but if you like doing missions, watching cool sci-fi effects, and doing god knows what other awesome gameplay they've added. Then this is definitely the game for you.
game-hours: 8.6
review: i still cant believe this game is for free even after a few years of playing this game
game-hours: 82.3
review: 11/10 would space ninja again.
game-hours: 112.6
review: I'm writing this in my first 68 hours and I don't think I'll change my review in the future. I am a gamer that still owns a potato-PC, and when I saw the graphics I was amazed that first of all, I could play it, adjust the settings to Low and run it flawlessly with just 2GB RAM. The storyline is awesome, even though it is divided in quests - which take some time to get them. The third-person view was something that I liked and gave a different look than all FPS games today. Even though in missions I seemed to forget it, there are many ways to parkour your way up a wall, or screw gravity and run on the wall to reach a higher ground, which I haven't seen in any other game. Many people say the game later on gets harder and requires more grinding. I agree, there is the grinding part in the game, but that's for every FreeToPlay game. If you, for example worked hard on a game and published it for free, wouldn't you like to earn some money out of your hard work - perhaps to keep the servers your gamers use? Back to the main point though, if any of you have played "Spiral Knights" - I WAS a big fan of it ONCE - you know that the Warframe's grinding is no match to the "Spiral Knights" one. No, I'm not trying to avoid the grinding matter by providing games with the same technique, but grinding in Warframe felt more rewarding for me, and sometimes even fun (in Defence or Survival missions, the Void. . .).
game-hours: 7.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 143.1
review: 100 hours played in the last two weeks... it's okay i guess
game-hours: 455.2
review: Good to see how much harder it is to exploit glitches... Even if I do miss them... The good ol' days... :,(
game-hours: 66.4
review: It's like Destiny if it were good. The game is extremely diverse and has so much to offer. Get this game if you enjoy a game that you will never be done with because they are always adding new things.
game-hours: 8.6
review: i still cant believe this game is for free even after a few years of playing this game
game-hours: 82.3
review: 11/10 would space ninja again.
game-hours: 112.6
review: I'm writing this in my first 68 hours and I don't think I'll change my review in the future. I am a gamer that still owns a potato-PC, and when I saw the graphics I was amazed that first of all, I could play it, adjust the settings to Low and run it flawlessly with just 2GB RAM. The storyline is awesome, even though it is divided in quests - which take some time to get them. The third-person view was something that I liked and gave a different look than all FPS games today. Even though in missions I seemed to forget it, there are many ways to parkour your way up a wall, or screw gravity and run on the wall to reach a higher ground, which I haven't seen in any other game. Many people say the game later on gets harder and requires more grinding. I agree, there is the grinding part in the game, but that's for every FreeToPlay game. If you, for example worked hard on a game and published it for free, wouldn't you like to earn some money out of your hard work - perhaps to keep the servers your gamers use? Back to the main point though, if any of you have played "Spiral Knights" - I WAS a big fan of it ONCE - you know that the Warframe's grinding is no match to the "Spiral Knights" one. No, I'm not trying to avoid the grinding matter by providing games with the same technique, but grinding in Warframe felt more rewarding for me, and sometimes even fun (in Defence or Survival missions, the Void. . .).
game-hours: 28.9
review: This game blows. Do not even download it not worth the space on your computer.
game-hours: 455.2
review: Good to see how much harder it is to exploit glitches... Even if I do miss them... The good ol' days... :,(
game-hours: 66.4
review: It's like Destiny if it were good. The game is extremely diverse and has so much to offer. Get this game if you enjoy a game that you will never be done with because they are always adding new things.
game-hours: 1639.9
review: Warframe = where the drop rates are made up and the nano-spores don't matter.
game-hours: 5.5
review: A fairly exceptional game that does F2P how it should be, free to play. There are select items that cost cash, but a majority of items are earned through actual gameplay. But you can pay for colours, cause reasons.
game-hours: 156.2
review: i like this game..........................:3 needs 50 platinum daily reward
game-hours: 3.4
review: such a good game
game-hours: 9.3
review: You have lived unitl you play this game
game-hours: 10.7
review: Love it. You gotta buy platinum for all the extras but fun anyway
game-hours: 0.7
review: 6/9 -IGN 4/20 -Smoke weed erday 3/3 -Ilumminati overall better then twilight -twilight
game-hours: 1011.8
review: Most sexy game ever!!!!!
game-hours: 6.0
review: NO
game-hours: 27.9
review: THIS IS COOL
game-hours: 461.2
review: Awesome game!;)
game-hours: 15.8
review: JUST AWESOME...
game-hours: 143.1
review: 100 hours played in the last two weeks... it's okay i guess
game-hours: 9.0
review: yaaas
game-hours: 687.9
review: You can move your ship on the loading screen. 10/10.
game-hours: 145.4
review: I have mixed feelings about this game. It's definitely a "pay-to-win" game. Although the action and design can be fun, all too often you come across punishing (not challenging) points of the game can be easily overcome by throwing money at it or will make you walk away annoyed. For some of us, that isn't a problem. For others, we prefer to earn our rewards and the cost financial cost of purchasing the win is often more than one can afford. The FAQ says, "nearly all content in Warframe can be earned over time for free." You can collect credits anywhere, but the only currency that actually matters is platinum and platinum is only purchasable. Multiple in-game currencies is a terrible concept. You can make it available for purchase, but being unable to earn platinum leaves out a good portion of your players. The community is absolutely full of judgemental s. Be prepared. In short, if you're 12 (or have the maturity level of a 12 year old), like gobs of violence in lieu of any form of story, and don't mind buying solutions to all your problems, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 392.3
review: Don't you know your Chinese agent is just f**king piece of sh*t? They will totally destory this game, making the game Notorious ! This game itself is a good one though.
game-hours: 15.5
review: Wanna crash during an important mission? Then this is the game for you. Want endless grinding with no story? Install this game. Want good and balanced multiplayer? Dont play this game. Want a game that wont crash when steam is on your pc? Dont play this game. 10/10 would crash and swear when submitting crash report. Update: I logged in today and the pc restarted by itself The devs should go  themselves Players are grinding, devs are sucking each others'  My game is crashing, devs are sucking each others'  Im sending crash reports, devs are sucking each others'  My pc restarted when i started warframe, devs are still sucking each others'
game-hours: 14.4
review: This game is dog S H I T
game-hours: 1.3
review: can't delete character
game-hours: 6.1
review: I've recently wanted to play this game agin, because it looks cool and well made. I had the game before but it needed some serious updating (4 gigs worth). Lo and behold, what was I greeted with when i decided to just re-download the whole game? - Start Warframe - "Downloading Updates" - "Updating DirectX" - Checking for New Content (here is where the fun starts) At the point where the launcher searches for new patches, it would start downloading, briefly. Then an error message pops up (one of many probably), and the launcher crashes or forces you to restart Warframe. And here you will be stuck. Some people get the game working after having to re-validate their game folders and having to download everything again, but for a lot of potential players out there, there is no support. Searching the web finds you more unhappy people and unresolved problems than actual solutions. I was furious and disappointed because I actually played this a while back and enjoyed it, but I can just forget about it now, because the errors never stop, no matter what you do, and the solutions (which are quite varied) only apply to some, not all. If you get this game to actually run and SUCCESSFULLY update, Congratulations, but your friends might not be so lucky.
game-hours: 7.7
review: i haven't even started yet. like literally.
game-hours: 24.7
review: EDIT: Help. So..addictive... *gasp*
game-hours: 43.1
review: Had to AFK for 10 hours so i could get a gun i found out i disliked 10/10 - Riveting Gameplay
game-hours: 642.2
review: its pretty lame when you play it for a full 2 months straight.
game-hours: 193.3
review: Steam recommendation: This game is amazing - I've played it since before it was on Steam, during the Closed Beta phase, and it was great. After the game went Open Beta with Update 7, it just got even more awesome! The gameplay is great - over-the-shoulder third-person shooter, but you have special powers too, depending on the suit you use. I'd recommend Excalibur as your first frame - he's really beginner friendly, the Volt is in the middle, and Loki is insanely difficult to play as without any prior experience. Anywho, this game is one of the best I've ever seen, and all I can say is: this is free-to-play anyways, GET IT NOWWW.
game-hours: 1.7
review: Lag simulator 2015. 9/10
game-hours: 5.2
review: Warframe is just another free-to-play (mmo?) where they start you off with the bear minimum, that almost good enough to get through half the game. The biggest issue is this game has its that its also another " you, fight off this entire over powered army" at first it didnt seem like that, but 4 story missions it really, became that. Instead of 5 enemies that are mildy strong. Its 15 enemies that that have perfict acuracy, do way to much damage, and run away as soon as you look in their general direction. The first boss (literaly first) is able to teleport, perfict accuracy, way to much damage, way to much health, summons soldires (like stated befor) that run into the corners of the room to nip you, he also throws 'granades' that suck away your sheild if your within 20ft, and is able to put a bleeding DOT on you along with a electracute DOT and is able to damage you right throu your sheilds. Remember thats just the first boss. Dont bother playing it, unless you have all 4 party member with you.
game-hours: 276.2
review: Decent.
game-hours: 1.4
review: There is no freaking audio, and on top of that it took over 6 hours to install, not to mention that no thanks to this piece of crap game, I have to spend another three hours installing it, just to fix the audio. It is only this game, not the others that I own. Fix this and I might write a better review.
game-hours: 43.3
review: its an amazing game there is so much to explaore and do and you will neer get bored!!
game-hours: 28.7
review: THE POINT OF THIS GAME IS TO FARM WHILE FARMING TO FARM EVEN MORE
game-hours: 766.4
review: I can not recommend this game to anyone. Clunky mechanics, endless grind, and pay-for-convenience plague every aspect of it. What could have been a tactical, fast-paced co-op game about space ninjas devolves quickly into repetitive combat and boring, efficient farming against waves of grunts that practically run into your bullets. Once you have completed every mission type 10-15 times, you know what you are in for the rest of game. The developers, Digital Extremes, have no cohesive vision for the game's future. Content patches include needlessly redundant features, and uninspired weapons that work in uninspiring ways. They are also rife with new bugs, and poorly balanced. An example would be their much awaited Archwing updated, which introduces a new game-mode that is practically standalone from the rest of the game. There is a massive time gate for even the highest-level players, unless you pay real money, and then once built you must find and then level-up "mods" associated with it and nothing else. The Kubrow update worked the same way. What initially attracted me to the game was it's art direction and pace, but ultimately it's just not enough to keep me slogging through the same missions with almost zero context behind the effects of each one. Don't fall for the freemium trap, avoid this game.
game-hours: 290.0
review: Oh boy where do I even start with this game. The gameplay is focused around drops. That is an issue. Your survivability is focused on getting the right drops, in the form of mods that upgrade weapon damage, mods that increase health, mods that increase shield capacity and recharge rate, mods that increase ability power, duration, blah blah blah. This is all controlled by random number generation, meaning you can get these mods within a few hours or never get them for over two hundred. Oh but it gets better. The drops are then made more power by even more drops. Which fall from the exact same RNG table as the mods which help you out. But that RNG table is also diluted by mods which aren't actually all that helpful and should not be taking up the same slots as mods which are actually helpful yet take those slots anyways. But then you can't actually afford to use those fresh new drops to upgrade your mods. So what do you do? You grind. You grind over and over and over again. You grind for keys to new locations, which you then grind for credits, which you spend on upgrading your mods. But now you're out of things to use. What now? Grind more. This game is all grind. It's not satisfying grind either. The missions are samey, the guns are unsatisfying and unbalanced, melee is unviable and are essentially "Hold down E to be slightly useful" in most cases. The mod system I described above is broken and unsustainable. The company developing it refuses to take big steps to improve their game and when they do it's too little too late. The UI is a cluttered mess. The tutorial explains nothing. The game has sudden frame drops in areas where there should not be sudden frame drops. It also looks like an awful mess. There are very very few redeeming qualities to this game. Feel free to try it but god forbid you spend money on this awful mess developed by an awful company who doesn't understand how to make good games.
game-hours: 755.1
review: Grind, more grind, a bit more, lets not stop there, keep going. The game is mostly made of good ideas with bad executions, they keep trying to reinvent the wheel while still driving.
game-hours: 203.9
review: I certainly not recommend this game, because you will waste some times on there. It is a free game, but the only quickest way to get the best items is to buy them, to able to buy them, you need to cost money. So the only way to earn items is to wait or buy them. I think that you should spend your hard earn money on other stuff rather then spending on this game. This game's crafting takes a long time, when it finished, you might not like it, but you waste lot's of times just waiting for this to craft. Time is very expensive in some way. The game is free, but if you want to enjoy this game, only way is to spend money, so i think this game is not very good for you guys to play.
game-hours: 666.0
review: WARBROS #1 Warframe is free-to-play third-person shooter 'MMO' (it's not a legitimate MMO, deal /w it faglords) that has been in open beta for almost a year now. Despite being in "open beta" for close to a year now, much of the game still feels as if it were in early alpha, with many aspects of the game (even core mechanics) being subject to change fairly often. The devs love to refer to Warframe as a "space ninja game" but don't listen to them; they're idiots. (We'll elaborate on that later.) Warframe barely has anything to do with (stereotypical; pop-culture) ninja, and the aspects that do are either terrible or terribly implemented (sometimes both): Melee combat is very shallow and becomes useless late-game; wallrunning and parkour in general is glitchy and unresponsive at worst and gimmicky at best; stealth is a complete joke; and the general aesthetic is inconsistent and constantly slides away from the Japanese-inspired, futuristic bio-mechanical look they had originally tried to achieve. The biggest problem with Warframe is exactly that, though: Inconsistency. The game features strong (and dare I say, fun) core gameplay mechanics, buried under what can most accurately be described as piles and piles of . Warframe's fast and fluid gunplay, movement mechanics and interesting weapon designs are shrouded by, among other things, terrible enemy and level design, very lopsided stat scaling, heaps of grind (with RNG!) and acute lack of meaningful content. Warframe has, easily and by far, bar nothing I have ever played the worst enemy designs I have ever seen. Ever. And that's saying quite a lot, given that I've played games like DMC3, Metal Gear Rising and Ninja Gaiden. Whereas most games with  enemy design have either enemies that are wholly uninteresting and uninspired or enemies that are incredibly obnoxious and frustrating to fight, Warframe instead chooses to gather the worst from both aspects and combine them together into an ungodly -smoothie the likes of which no mortal man should ever taste. Warframe has three factions to fight: the Grineer, the Corpus and the Infested. Each are different, but horrible in their own ways. The common, lower-ranked mooks from each faction have mostly nothing noteworthy behind them (with some exceptions), and mostly shoot/take cover like any normal boring enemy in a shooter. The higher-ranked enemies in each faction are mostly horrendous abominations; I'd prefer being hit in the head with a hammer to fighting most of them. The Infested have a habit of staggering/knocking the player down frequently (the "getting up" animation is outrageously long), but their faction-specific gimmicks include being able to poison the player through their shields (wow nice way to stay consistent with gameplay mechanics there) and draining all of a player's energy and shields (energy doesn't recharge by itself, by the way). The Corpus are ostensibly the least frustrating race to fight, since they don't have ranged hitscan weapons, but they still get pretty ridiculous at high levels. MOAs, the second most common Corpus enemy type are very aggressive and can do extreme amounts of damage at close range, and Corpus Techs, the "miniboss" level enemy is able to rip apart 1000+ shield players in under a second at levels 50+. The Grineer are like everything bad about the Infested and Corpus wrapped up in one neat package, and turned up to 11. All Grineer units have extreme amounts of damage resistance and have very accurate hitscan weapons. They have an entire enemy type dedicated to being mostly invincible and knocking the player down, an entire enemy type dedicated to knocking the player down and then dragging them across the floor for a very long period of time, an entire enemy type dedicated to being very hard to hit and staggering the player (by TOUCHING them, no less), and a fairly common variant called Scorches that can do as much damage as Corpus Techs, but spawn about ten times as commonly. There are also Napalms, that apply a fire DoT to players on hits, despite the fact that no other fire damage in the source does damage over time. This game being consistent as always, I see. In general, enemy encounters in Warframe revolve primarily around disabling the player in a number of different ways and just generally  on them as hard and as unfairly as possible. To that extent, literally every type of enemy in the game has at least one ability that staggers, knocks down, or otherwise stunlocks players. Point being, the enemies are  and I hate them. Let's move on. Warframe has mild RPG aspects in the form of levels and mods. You gain Affinity (experience) for your weapons and Frames (characters/classes, basically) as you use them in gameplay. The primary advantage to leveling your gear is getting mod slots for them (1 slot per level, at a max of 30, doubled by adding a potato to it) which you then fill with mods (which are also made more powerful by fusing other mods into them, making them take up more slots). Although leveling your gear in and of itself is not difficult (nor does it take an enormous amount of time), this is obfuscated by the way that there is no dependable way to acquire anything in this game besides weapons. Mod and item drops are based entirely on random chance, which means that you could probably look for a specific drop for hundreds of hours without receiving it. The RNG in Warframe is the root (albeit not only reason) of the game's inconsistency, and also generates a large part of the game's grind. The developers of Warframe, Digital Extremes (DE) are also just as inconsistent as the game itself. I am not sure if DE are legitimately malicious and want to jew their customers or if they are simply incompetent buffoons, but the fact of the matter is that there is a LOT of potential in Warframe that will most likely not be tapped into by DE. It's disappointing, to say the least. The devs try to maintain windows of communication with the playerbase, but they're rather selective in what they choose to hear, and even more selective on what they choose to do about the things they hear. Progress is often slow, even on pressing issues (there are serious bugs within the game that have remained unfixed after a year) and the developers' priorities often appear askew. More often than not they choose to focus on entirely unnecessary aspects of the game, like adding in redundant melee weapons when melee combat itself is in shambles. Overall, I wouldn't recommend Warframe to anyone at the current. Not with it like this. But if you want to keep your hopes up, sometime in the future the game might live up to its potential and become truly great. Or it'll be dead in the water in a few months because of lack of improvement/further degradation of the game by the developers. This game isn't worth getting into, much less putting 600 hours of your time into. Please kill me.
game-hours: 197.4
review: The Good: Ninjas with every weapon from Bo Staffs to Grenade Launchers being used all at once. Gore-ridden melee combat. Shiny graphics. Customizeable Dojos / Clan meeting places. Fast-paced movement possibilities. Free-2-Play. ----------------------------------------- The Bad: Clumsy-as-hell movement when for example, trying to dash-spin-sword in the air or when simply trying to vault over or onto certain obstacles. Slows down pacing a LOT (even moreso if you have a fast warframe) and kills the mood. You can also get stuck by standing/landing ontop of enemies. Clumsy-as-hell melee. Want to finish an enemy that's knocked down? Good f*cking luck making your character perform a stab. Want to slice at an annoying drone that's two inches above your normal swing sword altitude?`Too bad. Can't jump-attack that thing either without EXACT precision. Clumsy-as-hell networking. Huge part of your players been experiencing devastating STRICT NAT and other critical networking issues even though their ports & firewalls & AV's are open since Beta? Screw that, let's port our broken game to the PS4 instead of fixing stuff. Stupid balance. Huge 500 pound hammer/sword that's intensively clumsy and heavy to the point of causing the entire map to shake, even for allies which ends up making everyone nauseus at every swing:: - 49 damage on one swing. // Small, nimble and far-reaching katana that can attack faster than the eye in clean, forward strokes:: - 85 damage on one swing. Stupid pay-2-win. Spend 200$ to buy everything you could ever want, save for a few exclusive items that are locked by XP.. Which you'll also be able to pay real cash for later Instead of earning them through playing the actual game. Stupid terrain/collission. Did you just slightly bruise up against that slightly bumpy terrain bit while blazing around in action? Good luck to you because you're now gonna be stuck for a good 3-5 seconds before figuring out the combination of spamming attack/crouch/jump to unstuck yourself as the infamous space-ninja that you are. Stupid progression. Everything is a gigantic gamble. Will you get that card drop? Will you get that one treasure room map when using a void key? Will you find blue-prints from that guy within 35 attempts? But no, really, the worst sinner here is the "Mastery Rank". Level up every conceivable weapon there is by killing thousands of enemies and doing dozens of survival/defend runs in order to get a couple of hundred points out of the required half million to make that one item you want. Stupid difficulty. Oh I'm sorry, did you want a line of actual new mobs that come with their own twists, turns and tricks for you to learn and overcome as you grow in strength, just like how you did with the previous enemies? Nope. F*ck that. Here's the old mobs with a 5000% boost in HP and damage while still having that annoying 100% bot aim. Maybe a palette swap or two If we are feeling generous. ----------------------------------------- End note? Fix your f*cking game before injecting it with more cash-cow potential, Digital Extremes.
game-hours: 818.5
review: This game was very good and as you can see I have played it a lot, But DE is getting sloppy and this game is losing value fast. I have used over $120 dollars in this game and it was not worth it. Save yourself from spending money on platinum and just don't get this game. Instead, find a game that will cost $15-$30 at the start but have everything unlockable instead of having a free game that will suck your wallet dry. I will update my review if DE decides to get smart again and fix this broken game.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Time to review a hyper-popular free-to-play on Steam, Warframe (referred as WF in the review). WF is a third person PvE shooter (the camera is over the shoulder), which means that the majority of the time you will team up with a group of friends, or strangers if you aren't as lucky, and blast off some AI controlled opponents. To jump ahead the review - Warframe is a GOOD game, however, some of it's flaws force me to give this game a negative rating. Well, let's begin from the start. WF is a free-to-play game, that uses the microtransaction system to let the developers get some money. Personally, I have absolutely no problems with micro-payments, when they are done correctly. Dota and League of Legends proved that a free game with well done microtransactions can easily bring much more profit than a full priced AAA title. Now, the question is, whether or not the micro-payments in WF are done good, is this game a pay-to-win or can you get all the necessary equipment yourself. The answer, however shocking, is yes. The real money system in this game is actually surprisingly decent. Almost any non-cosmetic items in the game can be attained without spending a dime. Although some may argue that Warframe and Weapon slots (about these later) are really necessary to the game and must be bought with Platinum (the curency attainable with real money), the developers Digital Extremes are unprecedently generous and give out over 25$ worth of Platinum for free to every player. So, basically, you can get any non-cosmetic item in the game for free, and the aferomentioned vanity items or slots can be bought with the free Platinum every player gets. And this brings us to the main problem of this game. Wait, what? Isn't the fact that you can get everything for free a good thing? It is, but the problem is with how FAST do you get anything. But enough about this, lets see how good of a GAME this is. WF runs Evolution Engine, used in Dark Sector and The Darkness II, to power up some of the best graphics in a free-to-play game yet. The game is visually stunning and the graphics really deserve the praise. Since the game is set in a futuristic sci-fi world, the world is free for the artists to explore and reveal incredibly beatiful environments. The missions set in open spaces, albeit theres only a few of them, look incredible. The enemy design isn't something super novel, but still not horrible to look at. The weapons and Warframes themselves look decent, the dark, gritty sci-fi mixed with anciet ninja feeling all over them. Some of the effects are a little bit overdone and you might feel your eyes moving away from the screen since there are so many brightly colored flashes, but they don't ruin the game experience a lot. The sound and music are alright, again, FUTURE screaming and written in all-caps. There are some catchy beats, but nothing too memorizing. Music changes acordingly to action and some of the best tones in the game are the combat music, which is filled with eastern culture inspired electro notes. The shooting itself is fine, not really revolutionizing the genre, but not ruining it either. The powers each Warframe (the costume your character resides in) are usually decently made, flashy and useful. Each player can choose the way they want to complete the missions: a stealthy approach might be better in spying mission, a run-and-gun in extermination and assassination while crowd control specializing "mage" archetypes - in infestation and defense. There is a HUGE variety of missions, each forcing the players to adapt to new rules. The variety isn't lacking in Warframes, there are 16 of them, each with four completely different abilities, so pretty much everyone is happy. But the thing that made my jaw drop was the amount of different weapons. There are so many of them it's beyond counting, and not the Borderlands type of "16 gajillion weapons" which differ only by name. Each weapon looks different, plays different and most importantly FEELS different. Whether it's a standart automatic rifle, a gun that shoots sawblades, dual western-style revolvers, an electro-chainsaw-giblet-whip thingy, a set of kunai knifes or A FRIKKIN' OLDSCHOOL BOW(!), WF got you covered. The weapon system is really worth applauding for, and I'm glad the developers took the attention into a feature most games overlook. Another thing I also want to give praise to the developers for is the randomization factor. Even though you might have to replay a lot of missions several times over it won't get too frustrating solely because the map will be slightly randomized. You might start the mission from the other end, or maybe the assassination target is on a different spot, the map changes slightly each time you play. The PvE aspect is also pretty well done. You can go into a group filled with strangers, queue up with buddies or go in solo (not recommended, as the enemies are pretty darn tough). A teammate guarding your back isn't just someone who adds in damage or works as a live meatshield, they also can revive you when you fall, incredibly similar to Borderlands system, where, if you've fallen, your teammate can get you up back on your feet. Since all loot is visible to everyone, and taking an item won't make it disappear to your teammates, this game won't ruin your friendships as well! So, what's the bad part, doc? Oh, it's bad alright. What made half on my online games unplayable was huge LAG. Now, don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with WF's servers. BECAUSE THERE ISN'T ANY! Yep, the game uses the ridiculous Call of Doody's hosting system, which means that if the game chooses a host who's internet has the speed equivalent of A DEAD SNAIL, the rest of the party is going to lag hard. And the game chooses a wrong host way too many times. But my biggest problem with this game is the one I briefly mentioned in the begining. The way you aquire items. Warframes and weapons are aquired through grinding. And I don't mean the League of Legend's type of grinding, where you play and play and play to get a champion. It isn't even the Korean free-to-play MMORPG type of grinding, where you have to get 10 wolf pelts and each wolf has a 0,7% chance to drop one. This is grinding in it's finest. Or worst. Probably the worst. Basically, while playing missions you will find various ingredients. All of them make no sense, but since this is the "future" I will let it slide. Those components are used for a huge variety of items, but most of the time, to craft new Warframes and weapons. So, you have the necessary ingredients for a Warframe, some of which took more than few runs of a mission, you can add some virtual currency and craft away? Nope, you need to buy an expensive blueprint from the store. Well, makes sense, we have the blueprint and the materials, can we get going? No, no we cannot. We must get blueprints for EACH INDIVIDUAL PART. Three extra blueprints. Alright, how do we get them, you might ask? By fighting overpowered (or underpowered, I've yet to see a decently difficult but not impossible) bosses. Okay, so we kill the boss three times (each taking from 15 to 30 minutes) and start crafting? Only if you're extra lucky. Most of the time, you will get DUPLICATE blueprints, meaning more runs. Usually, you're gonna have to beat the boss about six times to get all three unique blueprints. Alright, NOW CAN WE GET OUR HARD-EARNED WARFRAME? Nah, man, you gotta wait 72 hours. Wait, what? How much? SEVENTY TWO HOURS?? THAT'S THREE DAYS!! Oh and don't get me started on the more difficult blueprints. You have to craft up to six materials, all crafting 12 hours each, so you can craft the item you want. So, you craft ingredients, to add them to other ingredients and buy a blueprint to craft a blueprint to add to some other materials so you can wait seventy f*cking days for an item to craft? What is this, COOKING MAMA WITH NINJAS?! Continued in the comment section.
game-hours: 20.3
review: I'm somewhat amazed so many people enjoy this game so much, as I found it absolutely execrable. With the understanding that my opinion is apparently in the minority, I leave this review to provide counterpoints and warning for those people others call overly critical like me who might be annoyed by the same things I'm annoyed by. The following are my subjective opinions. They annoyed me, but clearly most people don't care. It's also worth noting that I didn't play for especially long, hardly at all compared to my buddy who binged on this game to point of being unhealthy, but to the accusation of me not playing enough and assertions that it gets better later, I would counter with 'if it takes me more than ten hours to start having fun, that's not a point in the game's favor. It can try harder'. So, annoyances: The aesthetic is messy and uncoordinated and often makes navigation difficult, as there's little to differentiate rooms from one another, or the different parts of a single room from other parts. This game made me feel like my dad, who once said of another action game "I go into one room and kill all the enemies, then I go into the second room and kill all the enemies, then I go into the third room and my son says Dad that's the first room". Environments are varied, but they're built from premade segments joined together in random arrangements. Often core level design incorporates unconscious attention attractors like lights and contrasting shapes, but the level design of Warframe can't do so because of the random assembly nature of level construction. In one mission you might be entering a room from one direction while in the next you enter from the opposite, so there are no elements for pointing the player in the right direction. All this makes it difficult to intuit where I've already been at a glance without resorting to the map and objective markers, sometimes in every room. Or I can just follow behind my friend because he's better at using the map than me. Though he's also like four times my level and tends to murder entire rooms before I catch up because he's bad at recognizing that this isn't any fun for me. Smallest quibble here, but I'll add it in the spirit of naming things that annoyed me and might annoy other people: The naming sense is wildly inconsistent. One of the things that made Lord of the Rings great was the attention to names and linguistics. Each name from each culture sounds like it came from a distinct language, but in Warframe every name is a mishmash of seemingly random syllables, which made it hard for me to take anything seriously. Also on design, The weapon and character design for the primary characters follow in the vein of Metal Gear Solid's Cyborg Ninja and the Eldar of Warhammer 40,000, busy and flashy porcelain things built to appeal to the sort of person who thinks scythes are the coolest weapon ever and refuses to accept that spears are one of the strongest killing implements ever invented never mind that nearly every civilization ever fielded them en masse. But whatever, "ninjas" right. Ninjas are all about doing implausible things like jumping on walls and whatnot. Except you can't really do that very well. It is basic game design (as in it is literally taught in design courses) to make the jump button cause the player character to jump higher the longer the button is held down. Warframe does not do this, and the result makes jumping and aerial navigation clunky and unintuitive. A great deal of mechanics have been made of attacking while moving, you can swing and shoot while running on walls and while jumping and while sliding and so on, but all of these actions require the use of the same action button and the result of pressing this button is context sensitive, so whenever I tried to use the movement system, I found myself doing things I didn't want to; often jumping away from walls or running along them horizontally when I wanted to run straight up them. In response to all this, I ended up just never bothering, and would run and gun or stick and move like any other third person action shooter, thus making one of the game's primary selling points moot. I didn't feel very ninja-like sitting on the ground just shooting things in the head like I usually do, but I didn't feel very ninja-like failing to run up a wall for the thirtieth time either. It can be fun to mow down waves of enemies, but it typically requires a firm context or narrative, and Warframe has none. Background is kept exclusively to optional codex entries that I never bothered to read because all the names were ridiculous, and the recently added tutorial only gave the barest glimpse of something actually happening. The narrative consists nearly entirely of 'You're a ninja, get to ninja-ing'. There are no characters to care about or factions to be invested in, there's only you and your ninja powers. There's also Lotus, your weird cyborg mom with a silly hat, but her character is as wildly inconsistent as the naming sense, flitting between cold robotic overseer lines and snappy idiom quips like "Lock and load" and "They don't suspect a thing", said with exactly the same dispassion. The new tutorial levels add some much needed Actual Plot, but it's short and doesn't explain anything, it's more of a template for a future plot than a reason to care in itself, and once it's over, it's back to Go Be A Ninja I Guess. I never understood the point of any of the things I destroyed or the enemies I slaughtered. Enemy design is Fine. Passable. Above average even, considering the average for action shooters is Dudes With Guns and More Dudes With Different Guns. Warframe can boast big fat dudes with guns, dudes with boxes on their heads and also guns, plus robots and alien mutants. AI, not so much. They have the downside of nearly none of them requiring any change in tactics, so they blur together in my head now trying to remember them. The only two seconds of real genuine fun I ever had in Warframe was when I ran towards a group of six guys twirling my bo staff and deflecting their bullets, which felt great, but it was too short and then it was back to mashing the attack button. To block with a melee weapon, you have to equip it, putting your ranged weapons away, which drastically slows the flow of combat. For comparison, in Warhammer 40,000 Space Marine, your ranged weapons and melee attacks are all bound to different buttons, allowing you to use either type of weapon without having to switch to it. This might be more complicated if attempted with a block function (as Space Marine doesn't have one) but it isn't an insurmountable problem. I'd go into ideas but I don't have enough space in a Steam review. Suffice to say, it wouldn't be very difficult to make the enemies more interesting to fight or weapons more interesting to use, but all Warframe has done is make groups of enemies that all do the same thing and aren't especially difficult to take down. I did not encounter any enemies that I couldn't shoot to death like I've done to a billion guys already in Gears of War. Except for the Tenno Hunters. The final straw that made me uninstall this game was when I was playing with my aforementioned buddy when a bunch of radio static happened and the lights went crazy and my buddy got scared. I thought something actually interesting was about to happen, maybe a real challenge I could use my skills to overcome, but then a giant boss appeared and I died instantly without any possible course of action on my part to prevent it. What fun. That was when I completely lost all faith in the developers and realized that at no point had I witnessed intelligent design choices. So that's what I thought of this game. Didn't have fun. Except that one time, those two seconds that I could not replicate afterwards. If anyone would like to dispute my interpretation of my own experience, feel free to leave a comment and I will not read it.
game-hours: 1.7
review: not worth the money
game-hours: 84.5
review: as of U10 this game is literally nothing but grinding. I played the  out of it for a while but got burnt out and now have absolutely no desire to touch it unless they add stuff that isn't grinding. It's free though so if you want to grind try it
game-hours: 2.1
review: Welp, all my friends were telling me to play it. I finally did, and it was fun, but it's too repetitive, and I could see that within an hour of gameplay :/
game-hours: 27.0
review: Bland and repetitive. Combat could be much more fun if it involved some kind of locational damage, but it mostly comes down to clicking your enemies until they die.
game-hours: 1444.2
review: Warframe is a free to play over the shoulder mostly co-op shooter game. A basic set of missions and varying ways to upgrade your equipment give some validation for the time you spend playing. The controls generally work well, and there is some fun with the movement and powers. There are occasional hitches with ui changes or gameplay issues as the game still receives active support and developement as it is still an in production game. (Free to play beta). It has gone through it's release but it is still receiving developement to make a final product. Lately, I have fealt that some of the developer's choices are strangely completely off track from what any of the fans want. They seem to rubberband on some issues wildly and change some things so wildly that I just can't keep my confidence in them. The game is okay, and does give some good fun. But over the long term, the game is exactly the same from about two hours of play on to 500 hours of play. It just hasn't grown or given much reason to keep doing the same thing over and over.
game-hours: 30.4
review: Diable set into form of galactic sci-fi shooter. Grind mobs to get better equip so you can grind more mobs to get even better equip. This game as much as it feels awesome at the beginning that much it gets boring due to farming stereotype. Strongly not recommending to someone seeking a visible progress during his playtime.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Warframe isn't bad on the graphics front. But I just couldn't get into it.
game-hours: 338.0
review: How to become good at Warframe: Step 1: Grind Step 2: Grind Step 3: Grind Step 4: Grind Step 5: Grind Final Step: Grind How to become overpowered instantly in Warframe: Step 1: Pay Step 2: Pay Step 3: Pay Step 4: Pay Step 5: Pay Final Step: Pay How to have FUN in this game: Step 1: Have fun Step 2: Explore Step 3: Grind Step 4: Grind Step 5: Grind Final Step: You don't. I am done with this review.
game-hours: 419.6
review: It's . Never start the grind or you won't be able to stop. The devs are a bunch of incompetent dip that actively ignore advice to better their product. Where as the product itself has little to no guidence for new players, the end-game is nothing but a grindfest for late game players. Not only that but the devs treat the player base like beta testers, as opposed to people that have spent time and money on the product. The lack of serious support this game gets (terrible streams do not count)combined with the ineptitude of the developers leads me to not recommed this game.
game-hours: 556.1
review: Warfarm is far and away the worst offender when it comes to RNG-based, unfun grinding, and the developers are probably some of the most incompetent in recent history. Melee is shallow and nonviable, stealth (though for some reason encouraged) is not an option, there is an incredible lack of enemy variety, every single mission type feels the same, the grind-based progression in this game is some of the worst in any game I have ever played, the mod card system is unsustainable, and the developers are completely incapable of making the big changes that need to be made, opting instead to put a band-aid on the issue in the form of borderline-worthless mods. This game being free may seem attractive but I am warning you now that Warframe is the most colossal waste of time you could ever try out. Just save up some money and buy another game, or go look at other free-to-play titles out there. Don't waste your time with this game, and PLEASE don't waste your money.
game-hours: 15.5
review: This game sucks dont play waiste of ur time u just do the same this over and over again
game-hours: 4.7
review: Glitchy as hell, wouldnt even start the firtst 6 times i tried then i had to fix the problem with a long and devious tutorial, then when i finally get to play the game i complete the tutorial and then at the loading screen it freezes and then it restarts the tutorial, i cant get past the tutprial to play the game, Big minus for me :(
game-hours: 6.9
review: At first look a decent third person shooter/slasher with nice visuals, warframe in time proved boring and painful to me. While I haven't played since around 2 updates or so ago, these are some points about the game. (+) Ninjas, if that's your thing. (+) Katanas, if you like them (+) Clan Social Areas (guild halls) you can build and slam/jam in (+) Very acrobatic, sliding around while gunning down enemies is somehwat fun (+) Intresting variety of weapons and a nice weapon/armor upgrade system (-) VERY grindy if you want to get past the basic equipment and levels (-) Enemies are almost always bullet sponges, or go down too easy, little balanced difficulty. (-) Getting resources to make weapons requires running lots of missions. (-) Lens Flare (-) Boring, Buggy Boss fights (-) Very Linear Missions that throw the same piles of enemies at you each room (-) Buggy in general (though this is decreasing over time) (-) Even though the missions are cooperative, you rarely if ever work together becuase everyones goal is to deal as much damage as possible, though some suits may do healing, and support abilities, or a neutered form of tanking, all players almost always focus on damage. This is a shooter, not a stragetic MMO. (-) STAGGERSTAGGERSTAGGESTAGGERSTAGGER (-) Actaully disorienting on higher graphical settings. (-) No real plateu, or clear goals, just more missions, and more missions and gridning. After you beat the final bosses,and get your awesome loot, there isn't anything to do with it. I do admit that I haven't played extremely intensively, but I've done many missions with friends and a experienced a decent portion of the game. Since I have played some updates have been apllied, but these cannot affect the underlying reasosn why this game isn't really fun for me. It starts out fun, sliding around , shooting and stabing enemies, dashing around the room and jumping, but then after al ot of missions, the enmies start to get dull, the new weapons start to take way to much grinding to get, and once you actually get your shiny new weapon, it starts out as , and you have to 'train' theweapon to even get it BACK up to the level of your old weapon. The entire game feels directionless as a whole, but on the levels themselves, the surrondings are generic sci-fi that funnel you through waves of enmies that most of the time you simply run past to get to the boss, who after being grinded down (or just tossed off a cliff), gives you a small reward, then you dash to the exit, and repeat the entire process, many times over, again and again, until you get a new weapon. Congradulations! you get to do the ENTIRE THING AGAIN, but with a different gun this time. True, you can play this game without gridning and just stick with your default gear, slowly aqquiring new things naturally along the way, but then that implies that you are playing the game for the fun of its combat, which isn't really there. Fighting is often way too easy; with enemies blidnly running into your fields of fire, or walking around corners one by one to be shot. The rest of the time ,yuo can't even show your ace without losing all of your shields, and the enemies can simply stare at you as you feebly attmept tobeat them down. It's a shooter without the need for fast reflexes, strategic thinking against other players, knowledge of your terrain, or anything that usually makes a shooting game fun. A great many people do enjoy this game however, I can't for the life of me see why, it seems more like work than it does play. And this is coming from a guy who plays a lot of MMOs.
game-hours: 5.1
review: Warframe is a very basic game that offers you nothing but only combat, most people "in-love" with this game which is I still dont understand why. Maybe they are expecting somekind a half-life experience or something LOL. Besides, never believe in Reviews/Metacritic. They just a simple companies that giving "good" rates on every game If they get paid. Tenno Pack is 99 bucks? What is this, its a ing Battlefield 9 or something? Hilarious.
game-hours: 21.3
review: What a grindfest. I'm not really a fan of grinding for equipment so I did not like this game a lot. I was also bothered by the scarcity of resources like morphics, not to mention the weapons which are very underpowered (unless you pay real money for supercharged weapons).
game-hours: 4.6
review: Your just grinding thru a tunnel PvE. Sometimes it is like last stand horde. Takes a long trime to get newstuff, gets boring quickly.
game-hours: 97.5
review: Pros -Epic Graphic -Easy to play -Control is easy -Updates all day -F2P Cons -Pay real money to unlock slots -Sometime crashing -Repetitve Anyway's, Always a good game. I might rate it 8.7/10 Good job Developers
game-hours: 629.0
review: Loved this game got to mastery rank 13. Update 14 happened and I just uninstalled.
game-hours: 628.3
review: It was pretty amazing at a time... I've sunk more than 500 hours into it. But, a lot of recent changes are really starting to ruin it. The interface is growing more cluttered and more and more nerfs are being done in the name of "balance" at the expense of fun. It's also going to be bought by perfect world soon. Warframe is very much like the titanic. It was once a fun and beautiful, a true work of art, and a marvel for it's time, but now it's sinking, and it's not a good idea to jump onto a sinking ship.
game-hours: 114.7
review: I played it in beta, and loved it. Then they released guilds - so you have to be in a populated guild to unlock certain things and that's the only way you can get them. At the same time, I ran out of weapon slots and warframe slots. I understand that it is free to play, but its basically a demo when you have to start deleting warframes to level up new ones to increase your total level. I wish I could see all the new content they have added, but I just don't have the will to go back and get frustrated with the inventory limitations.
game-hours: 470.6
review: Warbros #1 DE crew sucks titan balls
game-hours: 943.0
review: It was supposed to be more like a stealth game and now what? Another clone of something else? Maybe. I've played for 2 years (almost) spent countless money on it, but i have no hard feelings because it's freaking F2P they never force or ask you to buy anything. Seriously if you want to achive or become better than others in this game you will need to pay eventually. It's not a big deal, not at all. Only a few bucks? A few bucks will just begin your addction to buy and satisfy yourself and repeat. I've spent approximately thousands and owned a lot of "limited shetys". Noobies see it will freak out literally. For example the freaking Primed Chamber Mod. Developers never put a price tag on it but it got a ridiculous price. I created a clan, which was actually some good memories, that I made a lot of friends and it was fun. After so long this game became boring at some points. Buy the Prime Access, double everything, found the most badass weapon and go through certain best farming maps and call it a day. Seriously is this how games are or should be? I love the design of this game, but something went wrong. It was supposed to be a stealth game but now we are flying in a jetpack suits (some say it looks like Gundam) and gun blazing in the space. Stylish? At least it was because I remembered the title Ninja Plays Free, and I don't actually think the Ninjas fly in jetpacks. I haven't played for a long time but I waited a year to see some improvements on the game play, developers designed a lot of moving method: wall-run, wall-jump, climbing, doging backflip and frontflip. I no longer think thats necessary any more since a grenade luncher is capable to kill anythiing. I see Warframe got a pretty high rating maybe I'm looking at the down sides possibly played for to long and forgot about the joy or other aspects. No I still remembered what I loved, I loved the design, it is absolutly gorgeous and unique. I literally spent hours on costumization. What need to mention is that the colors you put on your frames have limited pallets so if you want some fancy colors you will have to reach to your wallets anyway, things like that push everything backward and annoy me. Pay to win, that's spirit of F2P titles, deny or not. You dont pay or you will have a hard time, and I assume you will reject me with your so promising mental endurance but who wants to play a game with unpleasant experience? So in the end, you go "screw that just 50 bucks" (or something like that) and start to rip your wallet pieces by pieces. For the people who are not wealthy enough to go crazy will end up finding other ways to squeeze some cash into it. In other words to illustrute this addiction, to pay and satisfy, is a drug-like experience, you get on it and you will have a hard time to quite. It was all about glory, and vanity. Obviously a cool dude with stunning color and limited edition sheyts looks awesome than a person merely spent a buck on it and probably looks horrible. There's no arguement with that, just watch when these two kind of players meet together and the cool dude will poke the sheyt out of the noob. Maybe the cool guy doesn't even have to talk, just simply stand beside a newbie and prove everything. If you are a costumer long time ago and still loving it, I admir you. If you are new to Warframe take me suggestion, but I won't force you from trying Warframe. Trust me F2P title is way too dangerous. Even a free phone-game with in game purchase will rip off your kidney no matter how confident you think you can control yourself because I failed too many times. So I believe I'm not the only person on earth who pay in F2P. The point is if you don't want to be sucked into it, don't even bother click that friendly looking "Free to Play Start the Game" button and that goes the beautiful nightmare. Here are my own opinions. Inbalanced Game Play: repetitive, only thing that keeps you come back to the game after you tried everything. The update events, similar to infinite expansion contents but only its free. Events all have the same goals, score to the highest tire get all the reward. Warframe has awesome costumizations, capble for occupy you all day long. Graphics surprisingly nice: interesting lighting effect, structures and vegatations are not bad but consider it as a free to play game they did put certain amounts of efforts to it. Design: unique and eye catching, I played this game in public and gathered people's eyes. Weapons are amazing, but if you got tired of farming you will have to buy it. Every weapons are unique and explorable with the Mod system. Mods provide different effects to both weapons and characters but mod all have potentials to be leveled up. Level a mod will be a pain in the , it is slow as hell and gets eveh slower when approaching the maximum level. Another item that appeared in game was Orokin reactors and orokin catalyst. Both frames and weapons are only capable for 30 mod capacity, which means possibly you can put approximately 4/8 mods on them. Using those two items will increase to 60, which gives you more capacity. It means weapons and frames will become stronger. They are not common, there'are random mission (alert missions) reward and provide as blueprints (aqquired materials, so farming again) , those missions appears more frequently when holidays or anniversaries. Another way to obtain is to buy. General: I had a long term relationship with Warframe, I have witness Warframe's grown, from a crapy game to a shiny title. Yes, I had fun, but I wish it wasn't a Free to Play.It seems a one-time payed game have average better qualities. Warframe is going off from it's original form (personal understanding). Stealth content is just a extra function but I was into more developments of stealth, but no, it's compeletly useless. There are no rewards for accomplish a mission with full stealth, and seems most people are not into it. Now, it's full gun blazing, and our ninjas are flying into the space. It's not my game, I don't make the call but I would rate 6/10, if you need a reference on rating. I'm sorry, I'm disappointed. NOT recommended. Fairwell Warframe ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I reviewed my crtique, honestly I am slightly ashamed of my tone. I should have approached with a more professional attitude but I was emotional, had too much to say. It is hardly a critique because overall it is too subjective. I hope I have provided a useful review necessarily, all information that I mentioned is from personaly experience. Do not be suspecious about any words seem to be insulting or sensitive, I promise the realiability. Thank you.
game-hours: 518.5
review: When I first started playing this game, I thought it was weird. The controls were all far removed from the standard - F to change guns? X to interact? But quickly the game grew on me. Alot. It was all I played for 6 months of my life from late 2013 to mid 2014. It was one of the best games I've ever played. But recently, this has no longer been the case. From the UI Changes, to annoying, impossible to sympathize with characters who completely fail to place as comedic inserts, to enemies that are hardly challenging but incredibly annoying, everything DE has added to this game for a long time has made me fall further and further from the love I once held for the game. Where many times I gave this game stellar recommendations to friends, I can't recommend it anymore. The grind that drew me in has become beyond unreasonable, and I never feel like I'm accomplishing anything anymore. I return to this game every so often looking for nostalgia, wanting to love this game again, but I can't anymore, and I can't recommend anyone play it.
game-hours: 34.4
review: 0/10 - Updates broke the game. Endless grindfest worse than Destiny. Tried updating the game but the updates would corrupt anywhere from 32-195 files. Complete and utter failure.
game-hours: 292.1
review: The game with an infinite amount of bugs and glitches. The game's ing launcher can't even update the game properly,I've reinstalled the games for at least 5 ing times now just to have it work. The game itself crashes 11 out of 10 times and it's just f*cking stupid. Warframe is about grinding 24/7 just to farm something you want with shiitty drop rates. They keep you playing by giving you alerts and shiet one hour or so. F*ck DE f*ck Warframe
game-hours: 86.9
review: I played this game back in closed beta before it became a uber grind fest mentality, there were skill tree's for weapons and frames, mods existed but were not essentialy needed unlike the current system were as now I need to grind hours of my life away in order to actually have good gear that was once good back then becuase apparently the mod system was better and skill tree's were silly... pvp was promised but I feel like it should have been there sooner to provide end game content... Not really P2W however if you want more then 2 frames either attempt to sell things in the player market or sell a frame. (even vintage items are sold for crap so expect farming forever) Despite the few hours logged on steam, Ive been around for quite some time, and as a casual gamer I get on here and there so my rank suffers for me having other things to do. yet again a game that is fun to play but requires your life and attention for you to enjoy it to its fullest. Warframe had potential, even look at TB's WTF is Warframe and you can see the skill tree's yourself.
game-hours: 1.5
review: played for a few mintues already encountered tons of bugs 1/10
game-hours: 8.0
review: what a game, downloaded 8gb to play, then a 7gb update.... srsly....
game-hours: 327.8
review: Game has too much farming for gear. Although its fun once you have complete 7 levels or so, the game gets boring and you feel you have acomplished nothing therefore you have wasted 2-3 Months playing the game and even adding real cash.
game-hours: 600.6
review: The monetization in the last few updates makes the game almost P2W (or pay 2 not play since grind = content). Shallow gameplay, broken promises and horrendous decisions made by the developers make this game unbearable. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. The time i have put into this game is my poor attempt at trying to get value for money since i bought a founder package, still feel i have been ripped off.
game-hours: 390.3
review: If you ever had played Mass Effect 3 co-op then you'll never prefer this pile of garbage. The shooting is completely unsatisfying and the graphical design is horrible. The whole F2P aspect of the game makes you grind for weapons and characters and still, some of them (Glaive) can only be bought for money. When in ME3 co-op you can unlock everything easily and the gameplay is very satisfying (you can even create a character build that only uses powers and nothing else), here you stuck with the same items FOREVER. Or you can craft them but it literally take days even if you have grinded for resources needed. Even this game being free doesn't justify all that - you better off buying heavily discounted Origin key for ME3 (all co-op DLC there are free) than wasting any money on this train wreck of a game.
game-hours: 8.1
review: i like this game is fun and its have good Graphics but after a 6H of play you will realize all the item in the store you can purchase by real Money
game-hours: 0.1
review: intergalactic S H I T
game-hours: 0.1
review: intergalactic S H I T
game-hours: 288.7
review: It's pretty boring, full of grinding and unfinished stuff. Patches bring content, that should've already been in the full product. Lacks a decent cover system.
game-hours: 2.7
review: The worst game ever 0/5 This game gave me AIDS BTW Take a look at Tenno Pack 92,99 1500 platinum and 100,000 credits to buy all the best equipment. If you play this game I hope you will burn in Hell
game-hours: 1297.0
review: The game itself is decent, and it's addictive enough for some people to warrant the 900+ hours on record, but the game itself is quite flawed. Large amounts of old or unused content are still in the game, so if you don't load correctly into a map, you might be looking at an old or unused user interface and can't do anything about it. A lot of bugs go unpatched for extended periods of time, and when they are finally addressed, it sometimes feels more like a workaround than an actual fix. What's worse is when this happens to some things that impact the game design itself. I feel kind of bad giving this a negative review, since the developers clearly care about what they put out, but what they've put out thusfar feels almost more like a tech demo with project creep than a full game due to its lack of meaningful content. That said, the game is enjoyable, I just couldn't recommend it to my friends without a laundry list of caveats. Hopefully that list will shrink in the future.
game-hours: 1097.1
review: The core game mechanics are in need of a serious overhaul. The devs are focused on adding new gimmicks that are separate from the main game or highlight just how undercooked or even broken basic things are. With every new update the game becomes clunkier, the gameplay loses its flow and the experience leaves you frustrated. It's sad to see DE lose their focus and just throw stuff at the wall and see what sticks.
game-hours: 309.4
review: This is a great game but the developers don't listen to, acknowledge or respond to their community. It's like they have taken a great concept, then focused on aggressively creating situations for players to pay as much money as possible. This is F2P tactics obviously, but Digital Extremes take it to the 'extremes'... :\ Generally F2P games have some level of balance, and a great example of this would be Planetside 2. This and PS2 arent "Pay2Win" games as people complain, but they are "Pay 4 Convenience". The issue is that DE focus on making this game as inconvenient as possible, and the only way to avoid any inconvenience is to pay money continuously and forever. The more you progress into this game, the more inconvenient it gets (you'd think the opposite). The aggressiveness of the push to spend money by DE is not really apparent until around the 100 hours mark of playing. I beleive the push to make you spend is becuase there is no end game. What you do at the start is the same at the end. If your only a casual player, then this game is a lot of fun and especially so with friends. If you get invested in games then this will likely become compulsion, rather than fun. It's such a shame, because its a great game. But the unethical business model and a clear lack of direction ruins it. In the end, this game punishes you for player more of it.
game-hours: 85.8
review: warframe is a game that idolize war. that is why it is called war frame cause in game you frame the war which means you put it in a frame and hang it up on wall. many people lose lives in many wars such as the world war. take this game off of the market, it is bad for kids to play and very bad messaging for people around
game-hours: 452.4
review: 3 words. Client-side hosting. If you love laggy games because your host is from Mexico and his ISP is 2 tin cans connected via shoe lace or if you love grinding 20-40 mins in a match just to lose all progress and items you earned because the client disconnects then this is your game. And sure, you can ticket for lost items but from my experience they rarely ever compensated me as there's no proof the game even took place unless all 4 players also submit identical tickets.
game-hours: 113.6
review: A bright, flashy game where you fight imperialist clones and capitalist cultists. Acrobatics can feel very smooth if you pull it off right. Guns all have strong character and design. Grinding is annoying if you invest heavily in weapon variety, especially if you want achievements or min-maxed weaponry. A neat game, but unless you like to grind it's not worth the results.
game-hours: 4.1
review: its good
game-hours: 62.7
review: Ninjas, More Ninjas, Ninjas with assault rifles, Ninjas, Shurikens, Shotguns, More Ninjas with Shotguns, and....... Of course..... Ninjas.
game-hours: 6.7
review: Free to play ninja simulator.
game-hours: 121.4
review: BEH -_-
game-hours: 1.3
review: It Sucks
game-hours: 430.4
review: GAME
game-hours: 2.7
review: if you like cheese dont buy this game
game-hours: 0.6
review: The one thing that really stopped me from playing was the silly looking enemies in their massive thigh suits? What do they have power thighs? Just looks over the top goofy to me!
game-hours: 168.6
review: This game, this game, is very very fun, but i think to get a new warframe is completel just.. dumb.. :/
game-hours: 1275.6
review: Move along people, it's overrated. If you go f2p, the wait for zephyr with a new clan will be almost 2 weeks if we add the casual grinding. You have been warned.
game-hours: 52.1
review: The game itself is a good example of how F2P should work...everything in the game, from weapons, warframes or even items can be made by yourself using in-game credits and resources you find while playing, you can pay real money if you want to get whatever you want early but is not really necessary so you can fully experience the game without paying anything. Sadly that doesnt mean the game itself is really good, there are just a few maps that you will see over and over and there is no real point in playing the game since there is basically no plot, even though the game is full with lore and no "end game" content, once you reach the last planet and do all missions in it, there is nothing else to do but to keep buying new equipment and level them up and sadly that was my experience, in less than 48 hours i made one new warframe that had one skill that was really powerfull, one sword with a charged attack that could pretty much insta-kill everything (Except bosses) so i didnt really need new equipment after that so it didnt take long before i reached the final planet and finish the last mission and after that....nothing, so i just uninstalled it
game-hours: 4.6
review: no enuff direction on what to do, free to play pay to win, camera and controls are dissapointing, gave me motion sickness
game-hours: 1136.3
review: Incompetant. That sums up this dev team nicely. Oh sure there might be some good minds in there, but there's enough crazystupid that it's steadily ruining what was a brilliant idea. Do NOT invest money into this game. Don't make my mistake. I'm incredibly dissapointed and seriously ticked off.
game-hours: 0.6
review: it'd be cool if i could actually play the game..when i try to log in it says " HTTP connection could not be secured" i've tried every solution suggested and nothing works
game-hours: 16.1
review: This game is so repulsive if you don't play this game in eons and you come back to play you have to wait an asston of time for the update to finish only to come back to the same game as it was 5 months ago
game-hours: 25.4
review: Does not work for some people like me due to DirectX Errors. Which are ing annoying..
game-hours: 0.3
review: Not worth the download.
game-hours: 23.9
review: when you get past the graphics and and cool sword kills and get to the core of the gameplay all it really is, is a repetitive grind grind grind grind grind to get the items you want....oh and no (real) player versus player
game-hours: 1206.5
review: grindy mediocore shooter
game-hours: 109.7
review: [Review edited] Warframe: The Endless Grind. This is not the real title, but it sure feels like it. It reminds me of Destiny: While having multiple levels, most use the same map, the goal of the missions is drawn from a very small pool of objectives, and the only real goal is to get better weapons and level up. It can definitely be fun, and is at first. But it very quickly devolves into grinding. 3/10
game-hours: 98.9
review: WOW CYBORG SPACE NINJAS
game-hours: 378.4
review: This game WAS absolutely amazing. Then the new GUI came along in an update. I would rather gauge my eyes out then be forced to navigate the new hamfisted consolized menu they've implemented. You hear that console peasants? I hope you're happy.
game-hours: 1.9
review: Game is boring. Even with friends it's still boring.
game-hours: 1.1
review: I can't even get it running because it stays on the loading screen and it won't shutdown or close the program
game-hours: 135.7
review: Amazing game. Full of action or stealth, depending on how you play. I loved this game... then it stopped working. Contacted help forums and all they told me was to allow it through my firewall and uninstall then reinstall.
game-hours: 24.0
review: The game was Fun.. for the few days but then a butt update comes in and screws stuff up ( i'm not good at english DON'T HATE ME) now its just confuseing
game-hours: 104.9
review: Attmpting to update 688mb at less then 1mb I'm tempted to uninstall the game and forgetabout it this in unacceptable speed it is not my internet. Bigger updates like Titanfall in the 2 gig+ only take a few hours at the speed Warframe takes it will take over a day. a fun game to play but not to update.
game-hours: 5.3
review: It all started one year ago. I met a friend on Garrys Mod by the name of Austin. Me and Austin had really fun times playing various games, but most importantly, League of Legends. We were a dynamic duo, killing enimes and downing nexus' left and right. We were an unstopable bot lane compositon. Until one day, this  ing dog  of a game was refered to Austin by a friend. Sure enough, he became hooked, forcing me to play with terrible supports every game. I tried compromising, playing certain parts of this game just so he would go back to the god of a MOBA, but no luck. I knew it had gotten bad when he introduced me to a friend of his that spent over $2,000 dolars on this single  Guardians of the Galxay knock-off. It was then that I knew what I was destin to do, erase this game from the internet forever. But how is such a thing possible? You may think of me as a super computer hacker, but no, there's a much simpler method: complaining on the internet. It is here that I release my last beacon of hope. If anyone can help me pull my friend from this abyss of dog , please let me know. I just want to go back to Super Mega Death Rocketing people into oblivion like the good old day. TL;DR Would I recommend? No this game sucks Waluigi's nose
game-hours: 42.0
review: I have played this game on and off for a while and here is my thoughts on it. Pros: -Fun to play with with friends -free -alot of weapon types from guns to melee -Variety of Warframes -Can play this game to the whole Metal Gear Rising: Revengance soundtrack and make it more enjoyable -Crafting is simple enough to make everything as well as farming for stuff is fun to do. You will have to look up stuff on the warframe wiki as to where the blueprints for warframes parts are and probably have to work your way to said planet but it is all part of the grind. -Graphics are good despite the slight spikes of lag and texture loading -You can trade with other players mats for cash points (platinum) and credits or other materials or weapon blueprints mods or other stuff where you can play MMO Merchant Simulator 2014 to your hearts content. Cons: -As much as it doesnt seem like you need to spend money on this game, you will. I made three guns already and tried making two more until the game told me I need to spend 12 money points to buy two more equipment slots so you will have to do the same for warframes, guns, and melee weapons. You can sell the stuff you make but there are some weapons like the dual wields in which you have to make two of the same gun and then combine them meaning you will have to hock your well grinded guns that you might use later on or buy the points to do it. You can trade stuff but if you are just starting you will have to waste time grinding to get the materials and pray someone wants to buy them from you especially since you dont know how much it would be worth considering there isnt an official marketplace or a guide for net worth of materials. So in short either way you or someone has to pay money to get plat to buy things either for trade or for other things. -Before the major update (recent one) the game was pretty simple and the map navigation was great. Now its confusing for new players as well as returning players especially if you are returning and unlocked most of the map. You will have to unlock it again. -Community is pretty much this. Half against the evil ICE clan making alot of new players believe that this clan is the evil conglomerate in the Warframe universe and will form you against them like its a plot from one of your japaneese animes, Near half of people who played the game for long and only want to help those who are doing high level stuff that yields high rewards or farms, and a really small margin of people who actually help. So if you need help with unlocking other maps especially for defenses and survival maps you have to do to unlock it. -Countless bugs and problems. Next to the lag you will sometimes have, this game is riddled with DDOS attacks (which that large half will say that ICE is doing it) which will shut the servers down alot for you, alot of bugs on the maps that will trigger like doors not opening for you and keeping you from progressing, also if you like to have your computer black out alot this game will make it happen. This has been a major problem after the recent major update, But the worst is the crashes you will have. Finish a mission and you will crash not giving you the rewards and exp and even have the dreaded loading screen freeze. -After the major update matchmaking turned nearly to crap unless you finish the node on the planet. The main way to unlock nodes in this game is to beat the node linking the other ones in which you work your way to either all over the planet or work your way to the boss node to unlock the next planet which is simple. But you will have to wait for a long while or be frustrated because of the matchmaking because the only way to join in an a game in the middle of the game, in which seems more than likely that there is a near full party doing the defense node you obviously cannot solo, is complete that map. So you will have to pray that either A) people join in on the map all at the same time you decide to do that same map or B) pray a few people in the community will spare the time to even bother helping you out. I have tried to finish the same node for the past two days which is a defense mission. Twice I had to wait for around an hour for even one guy to join me in a game just to have the both of us wait 30 minutes hoping someone joins us in middle of game just to fail miserably and with the same complaint about the community could never get anyone to help me out with the map because they either want to do endgame or talk about other things. With the pros and cons in place why the cons have more description than the pros are is the fact i would rather give the full explanation for the cons to give you a better idea of why its a con. I am not saying this game is terrible it is the best free to play third person shooter and the creators of this game deliver what they promise in the third person shooter in which pvp is not a major requirement. When you shove most of the cons aside, the game has its charm but the reason why I wouldn't recommend this game to many is the fact of the crashing problems and major bugs that are affecting the game right now. When they finally fix the problems I might even change my recommendation for this game. But if you have friends who have this game get them together because this game is really fun despite the bugs and crashes. I will keep playing this title until Destiny comes out then this game will pretty much collect dust in my steam library. Edits: Thanks Guru for pointing out the sell button
game-hours: 7.9
review: The gameplay never change
game-hours: 7.9
review: last time I play a game based on fetish appeal, stick to sfm
game-hours: 2.9
review: Pros: + Excellent weapon variety + Excellent warframe variety + Vibrant visuals in some areas + Mostly everything cash shop can be obtained free Cons: - Endless grind - Boring enemy variety - So-so plot that is overusing the "awakened hero in troubled times" cliche - Difficulty based off of stat differences - Enemies blend in with the environment due to grays, whites, and blacks being pre-dominant in the art style - Huge focus on grind for it or pay for it model that is thirstier than Nexon - Facebook game style "get the resources and wait 12 hours ~ 24 hours for it to be made" crafting for things as simple as accessing a guild base - Limited inventory slots that can be expanded for microtransactions - Very, very money-hungry - Did I mention it'll make you wait 12 hours or pay roughly 50 cents just to access your guild base faster? - "Hacking" puzzles that attract enemies that can be eliminated by paying tl:dr So-so game at heart ruined by greedy money hungry s who want you to pay for this game with 10000 microtransactions when you could just go and buy other better games. Hell even some Asian-developed mmorpg's brought to the States aren't this blatantly thirsty.
game-hours: 5.4
review: PROS -weapons feel awesome - good amount of customization - up to 4 players co-op CONS - repetedive as  there is only like 5 types of missions - alot of weapons are purchased by real money - characters like that ordis robot are so in annoying.
game-hours: 523.5
review: I really like Warframe. It's the best third-person shooter I've ever played. The levels are fantastic. The bosses are fun. The mechanics are great! The weapon-craftingl is superb! Unfortunately, as of today I would not recommend Warframe to my friends. There are too many serious glitches. Falling through the map, unable to update, wanting to update when it doesn't need it, not being able to attack, mission failed screens at random times, missions not showing up on the map, must I go on? I can't even play warframe right now, because my game refuses to start. It says "update failed" on the launcher. I can't even get to the loading screen, much less the login screen. I'm sorry. Warframe is a really good game.
game-hours: 218.8
review: this game just went reverse suddenly from beng awesome to horrible fter all that archwing update....
game-hours: 13.4
review: If you like grinding and loads of unneccisary and confusing menus, this is the game for you. Otherwise, I would suggest finding another 3rd person shooter.
game-hours: 507.5
review: This is one of the coolest F2P concepts I've seen, and in the beginning it was really fun to play, until the devs decided that user friendliness and usability were less important than looking flashy and catering to 10 year old console players. Now, the controls are clunky, the mod system is annoying and counter-intuitive, and I regret the time and money I put into it.
game-hours: 202.4
review: honestly you have to spend a on of money to play this peice of  game
game-hours: 242.8
review: Grind to be able to grind more.
game-hours: 948.5
review: Currently the dev. team is headed in a terrible direction, reducing anything remotely fun by nerfing it into oblivion, catering to the whiny majority of whom have no regard for players who's interests do not coincide with theirs. Do not waste your time unless you are willing to deal with changes that appease whiny, elitist minorities. Also, there is a lack of higher level content because the same minority whines about power creep, preventing any new content past level 50, unless you count endless game modes, because they threaten to quit or cry if a new weapon is better than anything they have now. So maybe for a quick gaming fling, one month or two, it may be fun, but after the first maybe 250 hours it gets stagnant. It's less the dev. team and simply more the toxic "veteran" community. Simply put, I can't recommend this game anymore.
game-hours: 17.5
review: Ok, let me rephrase this (since people likes to give you bull about everything). It's a nice game to kill time with friends, it is quite pretty, the weapons are interesting and it's not complicated to play. But the eternal grinding, the waiting to craft items (which can be halfway acceptable), and the pretty expensive pay2win kills the mood. By all means give it a try if it's your style of game, just keep in mind, eternal grinding.
game-hours: 121.4
review: BEH -_-
game-hours: 1.3
review: It Sucks
game-hours: 430.4
review: GAME
game-hours: 2.7
review: if you like cheese dont buy this game
game-hours: 0.6
review: The one thing that really stopped me from playing was the silly looking enemies in their massive thigh suits? What do they have power thighs? Just looks over the top goofy to me!
game-hours: 168.6
review: This game, this game, is very very fun, but i think to get a new warframe is completel just.. dumb.. :/
game-hours: 1275.6
review: Move along people, it's overrated. If you go f2p, the wait for zephyr with a new clan will be almost 2 weeks if we add the casual grinding. You have been warned.
game-hours: 52.1
review: The game itself is a good example of how F2P should work...everything in the game, from weapons, warframes or even items can be made by yourself using in-game credits and resources you find while playing, you can pay real money if you want to get whatever you want early but is not really necessary so you can fully experience the game without paying anything. Sadly that doesnt mean the game itself is really good, there are just a few maps that you will see over and over and there is no real point in playing the game since there is basically no plot, even though the game is full with lore and no "end game" content, once you reach the last planet and do all missions in it, there is nothing else to do but to keep buying new equipment and level them up and sadly that was my experience, in less than 48 hours i made one new warframe that had one skill that was really powerfull, one sword with a charged attack that could pretty much insta-kill everything (Except bosses) so i didnt really need new equipment after that so it didnt take long before i reached the final planet and finish the last mission and after that....nothing, so i just uninstalled it
game-hours: 4.6
review: no enuff direction on what to do, free to play pay to win, camera and controls are dissapointing, gave me motion sickness
game-hours: 1136.3
review: Incompetant. That sums up this dev team nicely. Oh sure there might be some good minds in there, but there's enough crazystupid that it's steadily ruining what was a brilliant idea. Do NOT invest money into this game. Don't make my mistake. I'm incredibly dissapointed and seriously ticked off.
game-hours: 0.6
review: it'd be cool if i could actually play the game..when i try to log in it says " HTTP connection could not be secured" i've tried every solution suggested and nothing works
game-hours: 16.1
review: This game is so repulsive if you don't play this game in eons and you come back to play you have to wait an asston of time for the update to finish only to come back to the same game as it was 5 months ago
game-hours: 25.4
review: Does not work for some people like me due to DirectX Errors. Which are ing annoying..
game-hours: 0.3
review: Not worth the download.
game-hours: 23.9
review: when you get past the graphics and and cool sword kills and get to the core of the gameplay all it really is, is a repetitive grind grind grind grind grind to get the items you want....oh and no (real) player versus player
game-hours: 1206.5
review: grindy mediocore shooter
game-hours: 8.5
review: !
game-hours: 152.7
review: !!!
game-hours: 2.0
review: Hm just play this a little bit not really bad, but i don't like to play online for this kind of game, and also this game has a ridiculous price for exclusive items. U got much money to be thrown ? then go get this.
game-hours: 273.6
review: Its okay
game-hours: 165.0
review: Game drags on, gets repetitive and boring.
game-hours: 1.6
review: there's nothing funny to say it's just awful
game-hours: 2.0
review: When I first saw it I was like WOW so amazed, but then I saw it was like a co-op level based game and i was like "Oh hell no!" Not my type of game maybe you enjoy it, I like the simple games. - 4.7/10
game-hours: 8.8
review: It requires beta key.i downloaded but i cannot join the game.just great! if u out of beta key why u put warframe on steam?
game-hours: 0.5
review: ew.
game-hours: 65.2
review: bad gane too fast too many buttens
game-hours: 700.7
review: WARBROS #1
game-hours: 10.2
review: ing boring. I mean I'd rather be screwed in the  by an angry one legged prego mother of five for my source of entertainment then play this game. You want to smash bottons and kill A.I. while wasting your life? Then this is your game, but for everybody else find something worth half a .
game-hours: 4.0
review: allthough the gameplay is kinda fun, after a few days you realize that this is just another mindless free to play grind, sadly though, because the engine has some potential
game-hours: 0.7
review: ing ers, cancer ers     ing ers, cancer ers     ing ers, cancer ers     ing ers, cancer ers     ing ers, cancer ers     ing ers, cancer ers     ing ers, cancer ers     ing ers, cancer ers     ing ers, cancer ers
game-hours: 20.2
review: This game gets VERY repetitive after a while.
game-hours: 4.8
review: The gameplay is good but the whole buy a blueprint and then find more resources to compensate for making the item is very frustrating and time consuming. The game is the same mission over and over until you unlock more mission to play some more repetitive missions and enemies. The game is good but it just has to be for you.
game-hours: 3.2
review: Incredibly boring and repetitive. Shoulda seen it coming with an F2P game. :v
game-hours: 4.1
review: Well, this game can be very dull and boring at times, and can be extremely repetive, almost to the point that you would want to uninstall it to get your gigs back, but even though my critisism of this game would not change any of your opinions, I would not reccomend this game to anyone whatsoever. Some people may consider my preference of games distasteful and hideous, but I firmly believe that this game is dreadful, appalling, atrocious, heinous , grim, sickening, dire, and abhorrent.
game-hours: 149.6
review: I used to play this game alot with friends, It pretty much became pay to win.
game-hours: 1.4
review: I know that you shouldn't do a review on a game before you have even played it but thats not the case here The case here is that when the game says itll take 23 hours to update a 300mb update is rediculous, and my intrernet can download 3gbs and a half an hour. Some reviews here are bad and some are good but when the game takes so long to update it will most sertainly turn away new players such as myself and other potetional players.
game-hours: 1.9
review: sweg
game-hours: 128.0
review: Free-to-start
game-hours: 19.6
review: as it stands right now. its inposible to get into any games unless you go solo. the starting choises are not explained well enouth-(that what you pick is permanent) going for a melee type play style will just get you killed even in the 1st level from just starting out even 1 mistakewill make you pay. as in with your credit card there seems to be no choises i can make when you lvl up. so whats the point i have only played for 1hour but apart from the game being at a constant 60fps it has NOTHING to keep me playing
game-hours: 0.9
review: It's an interesting game, but after an hour I can see there is a HEAVY grind factor. I'm just not interested in paying the money or spending the time to get to the good part.
game-hours: 74.7
review: Bad GAME!
game-hours: 1.2
review: The way I see it, I can play this game for free and have fun or pay 99.99 and i don't even know.
game-hours: 4.1
review: Grinding peace of shooter.
game-hours: 3.8
review: This game sucks dinkleberry
game-hours: 1.1
review: Did not like it. Got really boring really fast. Not that fun..
game-hours: 1.3
review: Very boring, not worth the install
game-hours: 0.9
review: not very fun
game-hours: 13.5
review: I dislike this game for two reasons: 1) if you die, and do not pay real life money to be able to revive, and your teammates cannot get to you in time (maybe because what killed you is now trying to kill THEM) your options are as follows: give up and lose everything even if you spent 20 minutes fighting to a boss and died to him with him at 3% health remaining. That's your only option. Oh, or spend real life money to revive yourself. Yeah, free to play game. Counterpoint you can die a LOT. Because without spending more real life money your weaponry sucks assssss for a very long time, until you have spent hours scouring out of game internets to figure out what the hell to do and how to improve how much damge you do. 2) they give you the option to play a mission in solo mode, sounds neat right? Cool, you can pause the game and get a snack, or stretch, or answer the phone. So handy! Except, in solo mode the missions are just as long as the group missions, with just as many enemies, but no additional ammunition. For some stupid reason, instead of "ammo" coming out of the equivalent of barrels you shoot for loot, there's 4 types of ammo, only two of which you use, and again unless you spend a bunch of real life money your weaponry isn't going to kill guys very quickly, you're going to have a single weapon that's much better than your other one, and the ONLY ammo sources in missions are completely random drops from enemies you kill (if you kill an enemy you might get really lucky and get 30 rifle bullets 1/4 of the time when one of the 4 random ammo types is the loot, but yoiu can get ammo, money, "mods", crafting materials. So that 1/3 of the time that you actually get an ammo drop, only 1/4 of the time is it what you need) If they disconnect "lose ALL progress/time/effort/loot" from real life money expenditures if you die too many times in one day, and if they massively increase ammo drops for solo play this might be a fun game, but as it stands for a casual player there is no way I want to continue playing it. Oh yeah, if you are playing in solo mode and you die you can't even respawn at the beginning of the mission, your choices are "revive" (max 4 times/day unless you spend money, seriously, you can only get killed, in a FPS game with you versus hundreds of enemies, 4 times per day without paying money) or "forfeit". When I realized this, I uninstalled the game and posted this review. That's the most unfun  cashgrab move I've ever seen, in a game that was otherwise fun.
game-hours: 0.9
review: fak dis
game-hours: 7.1
review: its an amazing game that is sooo much fun... but the crafting sucks, the game is badly coded, always glitches, and it gave my pc the bluescreen 2x before i deleted this game 2/10
game-hours: 389.2
review: its 4 fegts
game-hours: 28.9
review: Was fun for the first couple of hours, but after that..... it just got stupid
game-hours: 24.8
review: It's so ing boring , GOD THIS GAME .
game-hours: 39.1
review: the in game purchases are completely ridiculous, this game has the potential to be great, but everything should be unlockable for 60 bucks, just like the cost of a full game. Aside from IAP's the game plays fine, there's really no story, but the combat is on point and it looks pretty to boot, I didn't like how much damage the npc's could take, and i hate having to buy respawns, or just wait. Early prediction, these guys lock in a decent crowd at the beginning, because of being on ps4, but i'll say that within a year this game will be looking pretty dead.
game-hours: 7.7
review: P.S. I suggest you to try the game first..... Game not bad, graph good, game play for  but it is ok, too much glitch but still ok. But this game started to kill as after 5 day playing. 1-3 hour a day every night and all we did, hmmm nothing we did 12 time 1 stage 9 times second, 11 times next then we wanted weapon we go back for farming and all this about is tooo much grinding! you must do one stage over over over over and over again, or you can get premium and you get all. So if you are ready to grind all your life off then go ahead or if you dont have place to put your money in, you are welcome =)
game-hours: 1.6
review: The maps are too big for their own good. The minimap markers are perminently . Sometimes red is an enemy, sometimes its just a door. The markers dont always update so they end up pointing to a location on the visible map instead of marking a direction. Sword combat is fun, but can be very clunky. Sliding requires that you be holding shift and press ctrl, which is hard unless you remove your finger off of the A key and just move forward. Timing attacks can difficult because hack and slash games are just that way. Enemy encounters were infrequent with lots of teammates to do the job. You always have to keep up. Character customization is pretty neat and so is the armor design. You can change the color of anything you want, so you can get pretty cool color schemes. This includes your character's armor and weapons. Unfortunatly the game didnt tell me I would not be able to change class. After having played tutorial it promply asked me which character I wanted to play, with brief descriptions, with no mention what character I had just played. I had no basis on which to chose and ended up getting a female character. From what I've palyed the missions are repetitive and there are litterally like 3 different enemies that just require that you fire at to kill. There is little to no teamwork except for reviving. Teams are spread out among the massive maps and there are little team rally points so they can end up clearing half the mission while you're trying to find them due to the inconsistent, incorrect, map markers. Theres a hacking minigame that was never mentioned and provides no practice or tutorial. I assumed it involved turning peices to form an unbroken line, but that didnt work. The worse thing was I ended up having to do the same mission twice because I couldnt pass the final door to the exit zone because of an invisible wall and ended up spending 5 minutes just wandering around looking for something I might have missed. Additionally, to win a mission everyone must reach the exit zone, therefore if you cant pass the door, nobody can win the mission. If it happens you just have to say bye and disconnect so they can get their rewards and you get nothing. (On my third mission, I made it past a door, but another player couldnt. This was frequent). The UI is pretty confusing at times and finding the starting mission was difficult because you have to remember which planet it was you were sent to. Gameplay itself is alright, but not exceedingly fun. The concept is good, but controls dont complement it. Theres no point in sprinting because you can just flip around 20x faster with arial acrobatics. Not quite fun to start out with. 6/10 Repetitive combat, interesting parkour movement
game-hours: 0.2
review: bad
game-hours: 66.4
review: Too grindy. You have to WAIT a long time to get a vital thing, WEAPONS, more characters and a lot of other things. Plus, I HATE THIRD PERSON SHOOTERS!
game-hours: 35.9
review: Game is buggy, still crashes a lot on my laptop after such a long time in beta with no improvements in the stability of the game. I would play this game, but the frequent crashes ( every 5-10 mins) just makes it impossible for me to enjoy playing the game.
game-hours: 14.7
review: the game is fun but it is to hard.i cant get past a level without getting more mony online for ten dollars. if you get the game pe prepard to spend ten dollars
game-hours: 6.0
review: what the hell is wrong with this game the first level was bugged i couldn't get through a ing door
game-hours: 1.6
review: This game has some great ideas implemented but mechanics let it down. This game has not that good graphics (seriously if you want to play a f2p with awesome graphics, Planetside 2 is for you), VERY awkward movement, awkward shooting and camera view. I mean there is no programmed cover! However, this game has provided me with great memories playing with friends. You should play this game with friends. 6/10
game-hours: 5.5
review: Best game
game-hours: 1.7
review: idk i dont play it
game-hours: 1.3
review: DIS Gem WAS Horrible I PUt iN LOADS of HOURS FOR Nithon
game-hours: 757.0
review: DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS GAME! This game has game breaking connectivity bugs. Their peer2peer implementation is broken. Strict NAT. DNS Lookup problems. Chat outages. There are times you can connect with someone and then suddenly not connect with the same person. Matchmaking is automatic or relies on chat. There are times chat is down for 12 hours. The chat app itself is terrible. Often times you join a squad then disconnect from them and when you get reinvite Session can't be found. There are times you're in a mission with a squad then host migration separates you from them often times leaving you to solo a mission. Digital Extermes refuse to address these issues because they're too busy focusing on money making bling like porting to XboxOne or PS4 instead of delivering good software. The art is great but their technical (coding, network, matchmaking) team is an utter failure. They'll just say "We're in Beta" or "It's a free game." which is total hogwash because they're accepting money from people. It's not free to people who's paid money like I have. The game is in Delta. Digital Extermes! Don't you think you owe it to your paying customers to provide them with a good software?
game-hours: 47.0
review: I stuck a space nazi to the wall with my space bow 150/10
game-hours: 75.7
review: asd
game-hours: 1509.5
review: a character has a black hole as face 10/10
game-hours: 467.2
review: After returning to Warframe after a time away from it and logging 400+ hours of play, I can solidly say this game will never be great. The developers frustrate, dissapoint, and hide behind the status of the game being in early access, which has now gone on for a year. Constant game updates and new weaponry do not solve the problems that this game continues to deal with. Missions crash often, it suffers from latency issues often, there is no story, the progression is tedious, grindy, and unfun. Changes to the game come without any compensation and there is no way to respec Warframes or Weapons when the developers feel the need to make changes/buffs/or nerfs. The developers have established a great art style and graphics, but a flawed game. They have no idea where the game is going, all they know how to do is create new weapons and expect you the player to buy more weapon slots on your account to accomodate for them. The game is a hamster wheel. It goes nowhere. This game has no future, it will not be ready this year, I'd wager it won't be next year either at the pace they're going. I'm bored to death of this game. If anything this game needs is for someone else other than DE to be developing it.
game-hours: 25.1
review: Grindfest x P2W
game-hours: 0.9
review: IF YOU LIKE GAY ING PORN PLAY THIS   RIGHT NOW YOU .
game-hours: 10.6
review: While It's initally fun to play warframe once you get past the inital story missions you're going to be quite lost, you really do need to go and look at the wiki to find out just where exactly the game wants you to go. Aside from the three starter suits you're going to have to pay real money if you want a different warframe, or, if you're lucky enough to get a blueprint drop from something, you're going to need to farm difficult missions for hours on end to get the materials and the money you need to build it. This applies to weapons as well. The pay model may be "Pay for convience/time" but it falls into a shady crack where the time you're paying for isn't "Oh, this just takes a while" and is more of "This is stupidly hard unless you've got at least four or five other people to help you and it's nearly impossible to solo it." Pros: Fun gameplay Fair enough blance between melee and the different types of ranged. Interesting concepts. Cons: Missions get repetative fast. It becomes impossible to solo missions after a while unless you've paid for items. Once you use up the inital 50 platinum they give you (Likely buying revive refills) you have to pay for more or get some of the rarest drops in the game to sell. Revive's vanish very quickly and the game seems to want to drain you of them very fast. Once they're gone dying on a solo mission means you have to start from scratch, it's an automatic failure. The game forces you to have people to play with for some of the harder missions. large difficulty spikes mid missions. For example, I was playing defense mission and one wave had enemies that did hardly any damage by themselves, the next wave had a single enemy with a minigun comepletely wreck me in moments without any warning. The weapons and upgrades are costly right out of the starting gate. The game also loves to deprive you of money whenever possible. Very wonky physics and controls for jumping and other aerobatic moves. (Try jumping while you're going into a wallrun, you'll launch off like a rocket.) Overall, fun to be had for a while, but once you get past the story missions you'll see and have a lot of "Insert money here to enjoy game" Moments.
game-hours: 18.8
review: yolo
game-hours: 0.1
review: Pseudo-anime 3PS grind-garbage for kiddies with no life. Superwide and ultrawide support is disabled because the developers are neurotic. Don't waste your time.
game-hours: 1495.6
review: this game sucks
game-hours: 6.0
review: This game is a BORING grind!
game-hours: 335.4
review: More bugs than my backyard. I have quite a bit of playtime, but at least HALF of it was me fighting with the game to even work. invite system=broken trading system=broken chat system=broken hosting system=broken everything else=half broken this game IMO should still be in alpha. prepare for hours of frustration, from being kicked randomly from important alerts to falling through the floor/walls and off the map. When this game does happen to work though, it's pretty fun.
game-hours: 3.7
review: Some warframes cost 20 bucks. Uninstalled. Nope. Nope. Nope.
game-hours: 199.9
review: so i was totally about to bone my girlfriend and then i saw the warframe update and then i just went "there was no way" good game 10/5
game-hours: 7.1
review: its an amazing game that is sooo much fun... but the crafting sucks, the game is badly coded, always glitches, and it gave my pc the bluescreen 2x before i deleted this game 2/10
game-hours: 35.9
review: Game is buggy, still crashes a lot on my laptop after such a long time in beta with no improvements in the stability of the game. I would play this game, but the frequent crashes ( every 5-10 mins) just makes it impossible for me to enjoy playing the game.
game-hours: 14.7
review: the game is fun but it is to hard.i cant get past a level without getting more mony online for ten dollars. if you get the game pe prepard to spend ten dollars
game-hours: 28.9
review: Was fun for the first couple of hours, but after that..... it just got stupid
game-hours: 24.8
review: It's so ing boring , GOD THIS GAME .
game-hours: 39.1
review: the in game purchases are completely ridiculous, this game has the potential to be great, but everything should be unlockable for 60 bucks, just like the cost of a full game. Aside from IAP's the game plays fine, there's really no story, but the combat is on point and it looks pretty to boot, I didn't like how much damage the npc's could take, and i hate having to buy respawns, or just wait. Early prediction, these guys lock in a decent crowd at the beginning, because of being on ps4, but i'll say that within a year this game will be looking pretty dead.
game-hours: 389.2
review: its 4 fegts
game-hours: 4.1
review: Well, this game can be very dull and boring at times, and can be extremely repetive, almost to the point that you would want to uninstall it to get your gigs back, but even though my critisism of this game would not change any of your opinions, I would not reccomend this game to anyone whatsoever. Some people may consider my preference of games distasteful and hideous, but I firmly believe that this game is dreadful, appalling, atrocious, heinous , grim, sickening, dire, and abhorrent.
game-hours: 1.4
review: I know that you shouldn't do a review on a game before you have even played it but thats not the case here The case here is that when the game says itll take 23 hours to update a 300mb update is rediculous, and my intrernet can download 3gbs and a half an hour. Some reviews here are bad and some are good but when the game takes so long to update it will most sertainly turn away new players such as myself and other potetional players.
game-hours: 7.7
review: P.S. I suggest you to try the game first..... Game not bad, graph good, game play for  but it is ok, too much glitch but still ok. But this game started to kill as after 5 day playing. 1-3 hour a day every night and all we did, hmmm nothing we did 12 time 1 stage 9 times second, 11 times next then we wanted weapon we go back for farming and all this about is tooo much grinding! you must do one stage over over over over and over again, or you can get premium and you get all. So if you are ready to grind all your life off then go ahead or if you dont have place to put your money in, you are welcome =)
game-hours: 66.4
review: Too grindy. You have to WAIT a long time to get a vital thing, WEAPONS, more characters and a lot of other things. Plus, I HATE THIRD PERSON SHOOTERS!
game-hours: 208.8
review: Great game, used to love playing it. Then they revamped the UI and now browsing the menus give me headaches. If your head and eyes are more tolerant against eye strain and motion sickness then I'm sure you will have fun with the game. I wish I could. It is really an excellent co-op third person shooter hack and slash RPG and surprisingly non-evil for a F2P. But I can't play it because by the time I'm done trying to navigate the menu to select my loadout I already have a headache.
game-hours: 62.1
review: Most unfair game with very steep learning curve. Without real money you cant do any . Months of grinding yields no worthy rewards . If you play for free even for a year , a guy who buys in-game platinum and has been playing for few weeks only can whoop your .
game-hours: 2.0
review: When I first saw it I was like WOW so amazed, but then I saw it was like a co-op level based game and i was like "Oh hell no!" Not my type of game maybe you enjoy it, I like the simple games. - 4.7/10
game-hours: 8.8
review: It requires beta key.i downloaded but i cannot join the game.just great! if u out of beta key why u put warframe on steam?
game-hours: 0.5
review: ew.
game-hours: 258.3
review: Space ninja simulator.
game-hours: 3.1
review: Piece of .
game-hours: 10.6
review: While It's initally fun to play warframe once you get past the inital story missions you're going to be quite lost, you really do need to go and look at the wiki to find out just where exactly the game wants you to go. Aside from the three starter suits you're going to have to pay real money if you want a different warframe, or, if you're lucky enough to get a blueprint drop from something, you're going to need to farm difficult missions for hours on end to get the materials and the money you need to build it. This applies to weapons as well. The pay model may be "Pay for convience/time" but it falls into a shady crack where the time you're paying for isn't "Oh, this just takes a while" and is more of "This is stupidly hard unless you've got at least four or five other people to help you and it's nearly impossible to solo it." Pros: Fun gameplay Fair enough blance between melee and the different types of ranged. Interesting concepts. Cons: Missions get repetative fast. It becomes impossible to solo missions after a while unless you've paid for items. Once you use up the inital 50 platinum they give you (Likely buying revive refills) you have to pay for more or get some of the rarest drops in the game to sell. Revive's vanish very quickly and the game seems to want to drain you of them very fast. Once they're gone dying on a solo mission means you have to start from scratch, it's an automatic failure. The game forces you to have people to play with for some of the harder missions. large difficulty spikes mid missions. For example, I was playing defense mission and one wave had enemies that did hardly any damage by themselves, the next wave had a single enemy with a minigun comepletely wreck me in moments without any warning. The weapons and upgrades are costly right out of the starting gate. The game also loves to deprive you of money whenever possible. Very wonky physics and controls for jumping and other aerobatic moves. (Try jumping while you're going into a wallrun, you'll launch off like a rocket.) Overall, fun to be had for a while, but once you get past the story missions you'll see and have a lot of "Insert money here to enjoy game" Moments.
game-hours: 11.7
review: A very fun Pay to win game but after awhile turns into a very boring grind for gear...unless you pay....
game-hours: 49.4
review: this game requiers purchases to enjoy the game do not download unless money on your account
game-hours: 284.4
review: The game, after I spent twenty bucks on it, just stoped working. It would stay and the update screen and would say can not conect to the internet. After getting very mad I asked my fauther to take a look at my computer thinking that might be whats wrong with it, and guess what, it wasn't. Then i have my friend take a look at it, he is a computer buff, he said it wasn't my computer either. That must mean that is the game a just sunk money in to.
game-hours: 96.3
review: this game is piss free me from its jewish claim
game-hours: 934.3
review: It feels like it just gives you loads of bubble gum, you eat it all very quickly because you love it. Then you run out, you can't eat the output of your bubble gum, and your eating of the given bubble gum has made you able to consume the bubble gum with intense speed, too. So you try and try to chew the output of the bubble gum you've chewed, but no spice. As I played this game, me as a player did not really progress, in terms of improving my strategies, or my skills, or my technique. The only thing that had progressed and improved in me when I played was my ability to remember to airkick enemies down, and slide melee around. Also my ability to mash keys. Oh! and to pop life capsules when they're below 50%. Besides that, if you play the game, you're gonna have fun (blindly) for a good three digit amount of hours. But when you're finished with it, you'll feel like you just played farmville, or cookie clicker, or pimp my forma'd items, or dress up barbie.
game-hours: 23.6
review: this game is alright but the cost of  is extremely ing gay
game-hours: 1.0
review: I expect nothing, and am still disappointed.
game-hours: 5.5
review: no
game-hours: 68.6
review: i hate this game
game-hours: 5.5
review: The game relies too much upon premium costs and is a huge turnoff if you want a free and fun expirience.
game-hours: 20.4
review: I dont prefere this game since you are just shooting and nobody can hurt you or anything, good part of it you are a ninja thats it...
game-hours: 1.8
review: In my opinion this is one of those games where you download it because a top 10 said it was good. Then you play it once and delete it from your hard drive for space to download another better game. It was KINDA fun... Instructions weren't clear and I didn't know where the  to go half the time so I just ran around until I got shot and followed the badies usually to a dead end or a place I'd already been to but sometimes it worked out in the end. The "Destroy the mining tools" part is pretty much where I decided this game doesn't have very good "Conveyance" as people call it. At least in Zelda you have hints to where to go. And L4D is meant to be kinda "okaydsajhsjh" but this game DOESN'T NEED THIS! It has a Navi like helper who shoulda been like "Shoot this" but nope, I just ran against the walls for a good 20 minutes until I stopped playing and began watching Youtube. If your game is that boring enough to make me stop playing to watch Youtube you've FAILED. But this is my Opinion. Some people think this game is the bee's knees when I don't. Connor away
game-hours: 55.0
review: such game muchh lightning wow
game-hours: 4.2
review: This game sucks . Do not buy unless you are a homosexual of the  variety.
game-hours: 7.8
review: 3/10 worst star wars game ever
game-hours: 272.2
review: Not working right.. Awful decisions lately in changes.
game-hours: 1.0
review: its fun but the when you have to do the impossible puzzles in 10 seconds while being shot at because the enemys spawn back and the game is way to laggy. if you cahnged alot of the  in this game it could be possible to play. and after i had gotten it and then gotten rig of this dumb game my i realized that my computer had been ed up by it. so i had to restart it!! Do not get this game if you have a windows 7. its not worth it.
game-hours: 2.4
review: game
game-hours: 936.2
review: role imbalance, almost no guide, you can find a new BUG every day, even can't download and update now.
game-hours: 1.1
review: this game is the opposite of fun
game-hours: 18.3
review: meh... i'll fill this out later.
game-hours: 639.1
review: The game wows you with cool visuals and super slick space ninja action, but the novelty quickly wears off as the freemium model rears its ugly head. Low weapon and warframe slots nearly guarantee you'll need to spend money on it, and grinding for worthless weapons as well as ranking them up just to increase your mastery rank is the only thing to do mid to late game. Not to mention poorly thought out events and horrible buggy messes of maps.
game-hours: 32.7
review: No, this game is not a good game. To some it will be great but for me it's not. Why? I have no problems with grinding for gear or so BUT I get too addictive and just grinds until my eyes bleed and 12 hours has run by with no food, no water and no social interactions. The way they have made the little staircase for progress in a way to get the player hooked like a heroin addict. It's too easy too just quit and too annoying to quit when you get stuck. You won't stop. After I spent some money on this game, which I promised myself not to do, I stopped playing and never played since.
game-hours: 17.5
review: This game is really bad
game-hours: 11.3
review: A game in which you have to be TESTED to level up? And you can only take the test once every 24 hours? The very concept offends me. From the time I was a kid until I was in graduate school, I was tested every damn week. The jobs we normal everyday humans have, every couple months there are tests, competency exams, certifications exams...I want escape from the mundane, not a replication of it in a game. We can't escape this for even a minute, it has to be inflicted on us in a damn game? The people behind Warframe, there is something seriously wrong in their heads if they think this is a good idea. And if a player ever puts up with this nonense, there's something seriously wrong in their heads, too.
game-hours: 25.3
review: This game lacks just about everything i got to earth and i just cant play anymore it is just boring the game lacks good graphics and i just cant play it anymore
game-hours: 3.7
review: Great gameplay for a while, but the same 3 enemies over and over again gets old; same with the maps-levels cobbled together of about a dozen different rooms randomized in different orientations. Very lacking in the crafting tutorial department, but I will say the graphics are stunning, and the character models have a wonderful mesh of biological and mechanical parts.
game-hours: 5.6
review: grindy and repetitive. huge content curve from beginner introductory levels to when you get to the planets you actually need to farm for weapons and characters (known as warframes). the 3 intro characters aren't that interesting, the most interesting characters will take you hours upon hours to farm materials for and literal days to research and build them in-game (game uses real time for crafting) and the pay2win gate to skip all of this incredibly expensive, unfortunately there is probably a half-decent experience past the ridiculous initial curve but it just wasn't interesting enough on it's own to warrant my time. if you enjoy grinding and repetitive shooting or just grinding in general, i would recommend this. otherwise, stay away. (note how all the positive reviews are people with 300+ hours played)
game-hours: 29.7
review: P2W unfortu...
game-hours: 24.4
review: This game looks fun, But, It's not. Number 1. Laggy for people with macs, Number 2. You have to push 1 2 3 and 4 to use powers. And you cannot Change it. Number 3. Hard.
game-hours: 504.6
review: Badly ported PS4/XBOX game.
game-hours: 53.8
review: I thought that you've made a better game since i last played it but no. It isnt as i thought it was. Its worse than before. I just installed it and logged in my old account to see that the mobs are freaking OP. I used all my revives just for a mission and died in the end. Why did i use the revives ? CAUSE THE MOBS DEAL MAJOR DAMAGE. I even went to 7-10 lvl mobs and THEY STILL ARE OP. I cant open the marked if i dont find a segment and to find that segment i have to go to these missions,but i cant finish them cause mobs are OP and i cant do anything. I suggest you fix your game. Cause this thing kills the fun for me. Oh and if you say that i should mod or upgrade my weapons and character, i cant. I dont know why but i dont see any upgrade thingie in my arsenal.I think that has something to do with finding that stupid segment. Anyway as I said i suggest you better your game,cause this kills the fun for me,atleast.
game-hours: 0.5
review: What the  is this game meant to be anyway? I don't understand a single thing that happens on the screen because there is bloom every ing where and the controls are jittery; one second you're running, then press 1, BOOM you're at the other end of the ing map. It starts off kinda cool, I dig the scenery and art design... that was until I saw the "villain". He looks like he has been in a fatal accident and the cosmetic surgeoun had his way with him in a foul, unprofessional manner. The game suggested I pick the EXCALIBUR class to begin with, since I'm a n00b and obviously too stupid for this game. Alright. Then after I slash some morons with my inhuman powers and ninja-like abilities, I am greeted with that ing villain, and I can't help but laugh. Not only this class looks like a platypus soldier that's been  on and left to dry off in the sun, but the part where Vor or whatever the  he is called starts chasing you, I lose my  because there's nothing more ridiculous than having THE VILLAIN chase your platypus  around LE SUPER MODERN FACILITY, without a single lockdown device, such as a mechanical grip, dunno, a robotic dragon , even that would be fine. It's nice to see multiplayer games implement some sort of backstory to its repertoire, but honestly this fails terribly, call me an elitist or pretentious , but there's no way I am buying the whole "VILLAINS IN SPACE" gimmick again. I haven't dug into the multiplayer yet, but when I'll find the patience to make out what the  is that interface meant to do, I may or may not change my mind.
game-hours: 989.3
review: I enjoyed this game for what it was:a fast third person shooter with lots of customizations for weapons,etc,but as of a few updates ago,developers have been neglecting much needed changes in favor to terrible updates. Worse offender is the "revamped" UI;they went from a simple and fast UI(not perfect,but quite efficient) to a flashy one that requires double or triple the time to navigate thru(which is crucial when you have to manage hundreds of mod cards,etc) and that,on top of being really innefficient compared to the old one,brought issues like motion sickness,extra long loading times,new bugs and glitches,all in favor to a more "consolized" style. The mod card UI also got changed,making a chore to manage the tons of mod card you will get from drops and missions,turning from something that was quick and intuitive from a chore everytime you want to change your loadouts(anbd you need to do that a lot). The only endgame currently is farming Prime gear,which would be ok if it wasnt that the drop tables are completely screwed up because they keep putting new stuff on the loot tables of the same missions,thus diluting the chances of getting what you are looking for(prime gear can be traded,but buying it defeats the purpose of playing,at least for me) Gameplay is still there(and it can be quite fun),but devs decided to bury it under a hideous UI,all for the sake of "immersion";and nowadays you can spend more time trying to set up mods than actually running a mission. As it stands now,PC players are the beta testers for Xbone and PS4 versions.Be warned.
game-hours: 57.0
review: Cant kill the captian Vor in the mission " Vor's prize"
game-hours: 11.4
review: No
game-hours: 10.1
review: The free to play portion is an absolute bore and a chore. Tad repetative all around though.
game-hours: 16.7
review: Seems ok at first nice and easy and fun... and then theres the problems, Soloing is impossible since enemies are limitless, they come in swarms all over the map so there is 0% chance to run away from one side of the map to the other, they are just simple everywhere, they fire with 100% accuracy making it impossible to dodge and the block cant do much when you have 20 guns firing at you from every direction, you can only use your skills about 4 times before they run out and they last for about 5 seconds and dont do very much, fighting back is pointless because there are droids that regen enemy shields at an insane rate making them unkillable, cameras spot you from a mile away which spawn sentry turrets and laser wires that destroy your shield in one hit, and if you think about hiding in a closet for a second to let your shield recharge they will just camp you in there and every time you respawn you will die again in seconds, and multiplayer doesnt help, even if you have more people the game will simply add more enemies and those enemies will sound the alarm which will spawn even more enemies and its just 0% chance to survive... and a lot of people will say "hey man you got to play a lot to get better stuff and sh**" but im saying "hey man its like playing counter strike 1 vs 50 and you only get a handgun and yes you may kill about half or more but either way you will die and you won't acomplish anything"... if you're looking for a good game out there try "Borderlands 2" its also Co-op campaign, there are way more guns, better story line, way more fun since its open world, there are character abilities and its 100% better than this garbage.
game-hours: 0.3
review: terrible just got it doing the turtotial and what not after taht dostn let me do anything character just sits there in the ing solar system and i cant select anything cant even quit the game without using task manager
game-hours: 3.2
review: Life is too short to play this .
game-hours: 0.5
review: no in my taste
game-hours: 4.2
review: This game sucks . Do not buy unless you are a homosexual of the  variety.
game-hours: 7.8
review: 3/10 worst star wars game ever
game-hours: 272.2
review: Not working right.. Awful decisions lately in changes.
game-hours: 1.0
review: its fun but the when you have to do the impossible puzzles in 10 seconds while being shot at because the enemys spawn back and the game is way to laggy. if you cahnged alot of the  in this game it could be possible to play. and after i had gotten it and then gotten rig of this dumb game my i realized that my computer had been ed up by it. so i had to restart it!! Do not get this game if you have a windows 7. its not worth it.
game-hours: 2.4
review: game
game-hours: 936.2
review: role imbalance, almost no guide, you can find a new BUG every day, even can't download and update now.
game-hours: 1.1
review: this game is the opposite of fun
game-hours: 18.3
review: meh... i'll fill this out later.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Sorry to the fans of this game but I don't like it. First of all its a Gridfest which is one thing that they should change. The game is not exactly begginer friendly, Confusing objectives, Most people ignore the objective in a mission and run to the escaping point ruining and wasting your time. The game weapons are quite hard to use and is hard to hit anything. To me the story makes no sense what so ever. The campain map is not explained at all in the tutorials. Blurr effects ruin your vision although the effect is good it ruins your sight of players an enemys while sprinting to cover.
game-hours: 9.1
review: what i felt about the potential about the game earlier doesnt matter,the game althought beautiful and generic yet confusing ui and system,i loved the gameplay;now i have deleted the game.What turned me off was that nothing in the game cannot be bought with the currency u earn in the game (by playing hours after hours)that is - credits;there is yet another currency-platinum(the real deal),unfortunately u cant earn tht by playing..> u need to spend REAL MONEY!!and the price?how about 49$ for 500 plata,and in the marketplace u can buy only a few stuff with that much plats...not fair right?its f2p because ppl like to see the word FREEMIUM.not worth time & money at all....oh and the game has no story>they know tht so...
game-hours: 3.1
review: i hate games like this wich makes the game look better in the trailer than it actually is
game-hours: 506.6
review: Read this before jumping to a conclusion. Warframe does a lot of things right, it also does a lot of things wrong that could easily be recified (but aren't). This is a PVE TPS with a lot of RPG elements. This game a lot is more akin to Monster Hunter and Borderlands than any FPS. It plays out like an RPG with virtually no PVP elements. So far there's no problem with any of that setup. It even helps that the aesthetics are amazing. Some of the best art design and graphical quality in any video game. The idea for space ninjas isn't a bad one either. Nor are the controls. Everything plays out more similarly to the trailers than most games. It really makes you feel like a badass. The biggest problem with this game is that it is not accessible to the everyday gamer. This is the main reason I do not recommend it. It essentially becomes an MMORPG where grind for the sake of grinding and get caught in the cycle with not really anything else to do. The early game is practically the same as the end game. You'll spend 100 hours grinding weapon XP to spend another 100 doing it again when you have to reset your weapon levels to make them super powered. There is a "duel room" inside guild HQs (called clan dojos, which are a pretty cool feature) but the PVP interaction is minimal and completely unbalanced. Speaking of unbalanced, the PVE manages to get itself a meta because Digital Extremes (DE) likes to make whatever the newest patch content the most absurdly powerful. Prepare for power creep every 3 months or so that leaves what you just bought almost useless in the end game because there's now something infinitely better. DE's entire marketing system is terribly designed and the 2nd big reason I'm not recommending this. I wish I could say this game is Free-to-Pay, and not Pay-to-win. But that's unfortunately untrue. By locking an actual game mechanic aspect (weapon and warframe slots) behind a paywall without a way in game currency can purchase them inherently makes the game P2W. Not to mention the absolutely ridiculous prices on their purchaseable currency and outrageous prices on the in game items to buy with it. DE's marketing department is clearly not operating on a level it needs to be. And while on the subject of DE's incompetence; they appear to not even have a QA team. Every patch takes 4 hotfixes before things are playable. This most recent one (at the time of writing this it's U14) was especially bad because they started trying to fix what wasn't even broken (the UI). Every time they roll something out there is always more bugs than content or they change something for the worse (Melee 2.0, Shotgun nerf, XP gain nerf) that was actually balanced before. It gets even worse when they argue with their playerbase on the forums trying to justify whatever terrible idea they're implementing despite masses of people telling them it was fine before and no one really had an issue with it. So why do I play this game? Because at its core it has an enormous amount of potential and it really is fun to play with the frames and weapons. The customization is good, the weapons feel good to use, and when you're actually playing it's not a bad experience. Too bad its company seems to be inept and refuses to change the game for the better so its playerbase will stick around for longer than the month it takes them to get bored of doing level III void key runs every day. TL;DR- Monster Hunter + Borderlands + Great Graphics = Amazing potential game that falls flat on its face because it lacks substance that its developers refuse to acknowledge or fix up. I can't recommend this game until it is no longer P2W, has real end game content, and DE hires professional QAs.
game-hours: 11.0
review: I don't reccomend the game for a very good reason. Sure, it is free. But the support and gameplay STINK. Sure, the game is fun, but, when you take the rank up test, and it doesn't work, you get frustrated. I WON the rank up test, yet, still a level 0. Hmm, glad I didn't buy platinum, which you NEED if you want to get anywhere in the game. A garbage game, with poor service.
game-hours: 59.9
review: Warframe is a fun, decent game on its own that's at its best when you play with a few friends and grind for hours on end for new 'Warframes' and weapons. You'll most likely be farming and grinding continously, which after a while will wear thin. The sliding mechanics are fun to play with and melee is somewhere in between fun and clunky. It's not a bad game, but it lacks the polish and lasting appeal for me to recommend it to anyone. 5/10
game-hours: 2505.7
review: Its not FPS its TPS
game-hours: 288.1
review: Space ninjas in the same, closed maps; prisonned space ninjas fighting the same enemies. grind grind grind grind grind. Oh, need a new slot for your grinding rewards? That costs money.
game-hours: 46.0
review: It's enjoyable, it really is, but it all boils down to a boring Numbers game to where you farm endlessly to increase your number to compensate for the enemy's number being higher as you progress higher and higher, all the while waiting for days on-end for the alert that will give you the Mod you want. That's all it is. As flashy and stylish and "cool" as it is, why bother wasting your life when hardly anything regarding what the game throws at you has changed since the game was initially popularized back in, what, 2012 I think? When you really think about it, the game isn't that big: You have the planets' missions and their bosses, T1-T3 Void, Derelict, then what. Nightmare Mode somewhere in all that? Then Clan wars through Dark Sectors? It's all meaningless; there's no endgame worth playing for let alone paying for. There's hardly anything worth bragging about, what are you gonna say, "Hey, I farmed for over 7000 man-hours and my guild controls all the Dark Sectors in Warframe", that doesn't sound like much a feat as opposed to "Hey, I got Rank 1 for my class in Arenas in WoW! I'm also in Grandmaster League in Starcraft 2!" or "I once won a League/DOTA 2 tournament!" You tell me which sounds better. Also, the game would be MUCH more enjoyable if not for the slight "paywall" when it comes to getting a Potato. You either get lucky with a 1 in 500-hours-worth of login rewards to maybe get either one you need (god forbid you get a Catalyst when you wanted a Reactor after thousands of login reward lottery attempts), you wait day after day all-day long hoping that an alert pops up that rewards a Potato or wait for a Good Friday all day long for the Alert that is guaranteed to reward it, or just simply buy it and save all the time in the world. Sure, you could buy them from someone else, but they're expensive man, and if you're like me and in the gutter, you won't have much to offer for a Catalyst. You'd be grinding for days, trying to farm for a decent mod, upgrading them and trading them off before getting a Potato this way. And if you think you're gonna get anywhere without Potato'ing your Frame and/or Weapons, good ing luck with Level 30-50 areas, you'll be doing very miniscule amounts of damage to the bullet sponge enemies and be miserable because you know you can't do anything to increase it further. But let's say you do eventually get that Catalyst(s)/Reactor you've so desperately been wanting for such a long time. Well then, back to farming for mods for the next few weeks! It's such a waste of time. Another thing I dislike SO MUCH about this game is the reliance on alerts and invasions to obtain certain items, especially Auras which are usually the staples to most Builds. It's so mind-boggling for why someone would think this was a good idea. A decent game, F2P or not, should have everything be available to the player and be within arm's reach. "BBb-BB-B-bbBUT IT'S A FREE-TO-PLAY GAME, HOW ELSE COULD THEY MAKE MONEY??!one??!1?!?" Please stop using this as an excuse, Path of Exile does just fine without game-changing premiums (aside from Stash upgrades even though you can simply make Mule Accounts for free). So does Dota 2 and Team Fortress 2, granted they would succeed even without premiums. "But that's only a problem to you!" Believe me, most people that didn't Potato their stuff don't even realize they're stuck in a rut, or they have a friend to help them/give them one. Whatever the case may be, it's still an objective design flaw. "But people might find farming fun" I'm not saying farming is bad, I even like the idea of progression more than the next guy, but progression in Warframe is like a toilet pipe that hasn't been cleaned out in decades so it's clogged with solidified feces and hair clumps and urine, and at some point, someone drilled into the pipe behind the clog and poured concrete into it and sealed it up. If you haven't guessed already, the rushing water is your progression, the clog is the amount of farming you have to do to get to where you want to go, and the concrete is the "Potato Paywall" as I'd like to put it, and you pay money to get a plumber to clean that  out or take classes on plumbing to do it yourself which correlates to waiting the long wait for alerts/invasions. And then you come to the realization that you spent all that effort to declog a toilet that isn't even yours which corresponds to why you should even play Warframe in the first place.
game-hours: 344.3
review: Why.... just Why oh Why. This game used to have an incredibly cool starmap to pick mission targets from which has been replaced by the LEAST imaginitive version of a boring laaaaaaame excuse for a planet interface any intern could possible slap together, FAIL. Most of the rest is really cool aside from pointless pvp. Awesome game if u wanna just bounce off walls and be invincible while shooting lazers everywhere. I loved this game until this new interface. Unbearable to play now goodbye Warframe :'(
game-hours: 74.9
review: this game takes more money than gaben did. -10/10
game-hours: 622.6
review: Warframe has a lot of promise but not much when it comes to end game fun, and quite a few down sides that make it hard to want to continue once you've reached a point. The majority of the gameplay is spent in farming or waiting for things that you will have no big use for once you have them. Also, there is a pretty big focus on smashing lots and lots of enemies rather than using intelligent gameplay. Maybe in the future if they do a better job with updating the game I would recommend it, but for now no.
game-hours: 17.5
review: This game is really bad
game-hours: 11.3
review: A game in which you have to be TESTED to level up? And you can only take the test once every 24 hours? The very concept offends me. From the time I was a kid until I was in graduate school, I was tested every damn week. The jobs we normal everyday humans have, every couple months there are tests, competency exams, certifications exams...I want escape from the mundane, not a replication of it in a game. We can't escape this for even a minute, it has to be inflicted on us in a damn game? The people behind Warframe, there is something seriously wrong in their heads if they think this is a good idea. And if a player ever puts up with this nonense, there's something seriously wrong in their heads, too.
game-hours: 25.3
review: This game lacks just about everything i got to earth and i just cant play anymore it is just boring the game lacks good graphics and i just cant play it anymore
game-hours: 3.7
review: Great gameplay for a while, but the same 3 enemies over and over again gets old; same with the maps-levels cobbled together of about a dozen different rooms randomized in different orientations. Very lacking in the crafting tutorial department, but I will say the graphics are stunning, and the character models have a wonderful mesh of biological and mechanical parts.
game-hours: 5.6
review: grindy and repetitive. huge content curve from beginner introductory levels to when you get to the planets you actually need to farm for weapons and characters (known as warframes). the 3 intro characters aren't that interesting, the most interesting characters will take you hours upon hours to farm materials for and literal days to research and build them in-game (game uses real time for crafting) and the pay2win gate to skip all of this incredibly expensive, unfortunately there is probably a half-decent experience past the ridiculous initial curve but it just wasn't interesting enough on it's own to warrant my time. if you enjoy grinding and repetitive shooting or just grinding in general, i would recommend this. otherwise, stay away. (note how all the positive reviews are people with 300+ hours played)
game-hours: 29.7
review: P2W unfortu...
game-hours: 24.4
review: This game looks fun, But, It's not. Number 1. Laggy for people with macs, Number 2. You have to push 1 2 3 and 4 to use powers. And you cannot Change it. Number 3. Hard.
game-hours: 504.6
review: Badly ported PS4/XBOX game.
game-hours: 53.8
review: I thought that you've made a better game since i last played it but no. It isnt as i thought it was. Its worse than before. I just installed it and logged in my old account to see that the mobs are freaking OP. I used all my revives just for a mission and died in the end. Why did i use the revives ? CAUSE THE MOBS DEAL MAJOR DAMAGE. I even went to 7-10 lvl mobs and THEY STILL ARE OP. I cant open the marked if i dont find a segment and to find that segment i have to go to these missions,but i cant finish them cause mobs are OP and i cant do anything. I suggest you fix your game. Cause this thing kills the fun for me. Oh and if you say that i should mod or upgrade my weapons and character, i cant. I dont know why but i dont see any upgrade thingie in my arsenal.I think that has something to do with finding that stupid segment. Anyway as I said i suggest you better your game,cause this kills the fun for me,atleast.
game-hours: 0.5
review: What the  is this game meant to be anyway? I don't understand a single thing that happens on the screen because there is bloom every ing where and the controls are jittery; one second you're running, then press 1, BOOM you're at the other end of the ing map. It starts off kinda cool, I dig the scenery and art design... that was until I saw the "villain". He looks like he has been in a fatal accident and the cosmetic surgeoun had his way with him in a foul, unprofessional manner. The game suggested I pick the EXCALIBUR class to begin with, since I'm a n00b and obviously too stupid for this game. Alright. Then after I slash some morons with my inhuman powers and ninja-like abilities, I am greeted with that ing villain, and I can't help but laugh. Not only this class looks like a platypus soldier that's been  on and left to dry off in the sun, but the part where Vor or whatever the  he is called starts chasing you, I lose my  because there's nothing more ridiculous than having THE VILLAIN chase your platypus  around LE SUPER MODERN FACILITY, without a single lockdown device, such as a mechanical grip, dunno, a robotic dragon , even that would be fine. It's nice to see multiplayer games implement some sort of backstory to its repertoire, but honestly this fails terribly, call me an elitist or pretentious , but there's no way I am buying the whole "VILLAINS IN SPACE" gimmick again. I haven't dug into the multiplayer yet, but when I'll find the patience to make out what the  is that interface meant to do, I may or may not change my mind.
game-hours: 989.3
review: I enjoyed this game for what it was:a fast third person shooter with lots of customizations for weapons,etc,but as of a few updates ago,developers have been neglecting much needed changes in favor to terrible updates. Worse offender is the "revamped" UI;they went from a simple and fast UI(not perfect,but quite efficient) to a flashy one that requires double or triple the time to navigate thru(which is crucial when you have to manage hundreds of mod cards,etc) and that,on top of being really innefficient compared to the old one,brought issues like motion sickness,extra long loading times,new bugs and glitches,all in favor to a more "consolized" style. The mod card UI also got changed,making a chore to manage the tons of mod card you will get from drops and missions,turning from something that was quick and intuitive from a chore everytime you want to change your loadouts(anbd you need to do that a lot). The only endgame currently is farming Prime gear,which would be ok if it wasnt that the drop tables are completely screwed up because they keep putting new stuff on the loot tables of the same missions,thus diluting the chances of getting what you are looking for(prime gear can be traded,but buying it defeats the purpose of playing,at least for me) Gameplay is still there(and it can be quite fun),but devs decided to bury it under a hideous UI,all for the sake of "immersion";and nowadays you can spend more time trying to set up mods than actually running a mission. As it stands now,PC players are the beta testers for Xbone and PS4 versions.Be warned.
game-hours: 57.0
review: Cant kill the captian Vor in the mission " Vor's prize"
game-hours: 11.4
review: No
game-hours: 10.1
review: The free to play portion is an absolute bore and a chore. Tad repetative all around though.
game-hours: 16.7
review: Seems ok at first nice and easy and fun... and then theres the problems, Soloing is impossible since enemies are limitless, they come in swarms all over the map so there is 0% chance to run away from one side of the map to the other, they are just simple everywhere, they fire with 100% accuracy making it impossible to dodge and the block cant do much when you have 20 guns firing at you from every direction, you can only use your skills about 4 times before they run out and they last for about 5 seconds and dont do very much, fighting back is pointless because there are droids that regen enemy shields at an insane rate making them unkillable, cameras spot you from a mile away which spawn sentry turrets and laser wires that destroy your shield in one hit, and if you think about hiding in a closet for a second to let your shield recharge they will just camp you in there and every time you respawn you will die again in seconds, and multiplayer doesnt help, even if you have more people the game will simply add more enemies and those enemies will sound the alarm which will spawn even more enemies and its just 0% chance to survive... and a lot of people will say "hey man you got to play a lot to get better stuff and sh**" but im saying "hey man its like playing counter strike 1 vs 50 and you only get a handgun and yes you may kill about half or more but either way you will die and you won't acomplish anything"... if you're looking for a good game out there try "Borderlands 2" its also Co-op campaign, there are way more guns, better story line, way more fun since its open world, there are character abilities and its 100% better than this garbage.
game-hours: 0.3
review: terrible just got it doing the turtotial and what not after taht dostn let me do anything character just sits there in the ing solar system and i cant select anything cant even quit the game without using task manager
game-hours: 3.2
review: Life is too short to play this .
game-hours: 0.5
review: no in my taste
game-hours: 8.6
review: Fast paced, beautiful, fast, ninjas, pew pew pew, i WANT to love this game. but...... I can't, I do not know what it is, but somehow its just not executing it to my liking. Maybe its the freetopay aspect, or something else, but for now, gotta give it a thumbs down. I really wish I could get into it.
game-hours: 33.1
review: Warframe is special. Not good, not bad, not awful or excellent. Special, like the special little child in everyone knows. This doesn't have to be something bad, sometimes this special little child can be quite fun. Sadly in case of Warframe, it's 50/50. Warframe is a great game with great gameplay and great design, which suffers from it's constant beta state, it's awful grinding and it's hellish amount of bugs and all of these bad points after being released over 1 year ago. The gameplay in Warframe is very fluent, even if you tried to stealth your way through enemies and the remainder of your team isn't. The amounts of weapons is unexpectedly large in the game's early days and it just grew just bigger, which is great. More weapons means more option in ways of killing enemies. The maps may seem repetitive at first, but once you pay actual attention to it, you'll find many new places which you previously missed. But all of these great aspects of this game seem to wither in comparison to all of it's bad points. You will need to grind long, very very long. Even with the resources collector, you'll still need long. You will have to beat the same boss so often just to get all the pieces of one Warframe, that you can beat him blindfolded. But worst of all are the bugs..... just so many bugs. Especially after any form of update the game becomes almost unplayable for about 2 to 3 days. I would like to continue the game, I would like to see more people play it, but what I would like more is to finally see that Digital Extremes to grow a pair and finally stop working on content and start cleaning up this mess. Because once it becomes bug free, this game will be great.
game-hours: 11.0
review: I don't reccomend the game for a very good reason. Sure, it is free. But the support and gameplay STINK. Sure, the game is fun, but, when you take the rank up test, and it doesn't work, you get frustrated. I WON the rank up test, yet, still a level 0. Hmm, glad I didn't buy platinum, which you NEED if you want to get anywhere in the game. A garbage game, with poor service.
game-hours: 59.9
review: Warframe is a fun, decent game on its own that's at its best when you play with a few friends and grind for hours on end for new 'Warframes' and weapons. You'll most likely be farming and grinding continously, which after a while will wear thin. The sliding mechanics are fun to play with and melee is somewhere in between fun and clunky. It's not a bad game, but it lacks the polish and lasting appeal for me to recommend it to anyone. 5/10
game-hours: 2505.7
review: Its not FPS its TPS
game-hours: 288.1
review: Space ninjas in the same, closed maps; prisonned space ninjas fighting the same enemies. grind grind grind grind grind. Oh, need a new slot for your grinding rewards? That costs money.
game-hours: 46.0
review: It's enjoyable, it really is, but it all boils down to a boring Numbers game to where you farm endlessly to increase your number to compensate for the enemy's number being higher as you progress higher and higher, all the while waiting for days on-end for the alert that will give you the Mod you want. That's all it is. As flashy and stylish and "cool" as it is, why bother wasting your life when hardly anything regarding what the game throws at you has changed since the game was initially popularized back in, what, 2012 I think? When you really think about it, the game isn't that big: You have the planets' missions and their bosses, T1-T3 Void, Derelict, then what. Nightmare Mode somewhere in all that? Then Clan wars through Dark Sectors? It's all meaningless; there's no endgame worth playing for let alone paying for. There's hardly anything worth bragging about, what are you gonna say, "Hey, I farmed for over 7000 man-hours and my guild controls all the Dark Sectors in Warframe", that doesn't sound like much a feat as opposed to "Hey, I got Rank 1 for my class in Arenas in WoW! I'm also in Grandmaster League in Starcraft 2!" or "I once won a League/DOTA 2 tournament!" You tell me which sounds better. Also, the game would be MUCH more enjoyable if not for the slight "paywall" when it comes to getting a Potato. You either get lucky with a 1 in 500-hours-worth of login rewards to maybe get either one you need (god forbid you get a Catalyst when you wanted a Reactor after thousands of login reward lottery attempts), you wait day after day all-day long hoping that an alert pops up that rewards a Potato or wait for a Good Friday all day long for the Alert that is guaranteed to reward it, or just simply buy it and save all the time in the world. Sure, you could buy them from someone else, but they're expensive man, and if you're like me and in the gutter, you won't have much to offer for a Catalyst. You'd be grinding for days, trying to farm for a decent mod, upgrading them and trading them off before getting a Potato this way. And if you think you're gonna get anywhere without Potato'ing your Frame and/or Weapons, good ing luck with Level 30-50 areas, you'll be doing very miniscule amounts of damage to the bullet sponge enemies and be miserable because you know you can't do anything to increase it further. But let's say you do eventually get that Catalyst(s)/Reactor you've so desperately been wanting for such a long time. Well then, back to farming for mods for the next few weeks! It's such a waste of time. Another thing I dislike SO MUCH about this game is the reliance on alerts and invasions to obtain certain items, especially Auras which are usually the staples to most Builds. It's so mind-boggling for why someone would think this was a good idea. A decent game, F2P or not, should have everything be available to the player and be within arm's reach. "BBb-BB-B-bbBUT IT'S A FREE-TO-PLAY GAME, HOW ELSE COULD THEY MAKE MONEY??!one??!1?!?" Please stop using this as an excuse, Path of Exile does just fine without game-changing premiums (aside from Stash upgrades even though you can simply make Mule Accounts for free). So does Dota 2 and Team Fortress 2, granted they would succeed even without premiums. "But that's only a problem to you!" Believe me, most people that didn't Potato their stuff don't even realize they're stuck in a rut, or they have a friend to help them/give them one. Whatever the case may be, it's still an objective design flaw. "But people might find farming fun" I'm not saying farming is bad, I even like the idea of progression more than the next guy, but progression in Warframe is like a toilet pipe that hasn't been cleaned out in decades so it's clogged with solidified feces and hair clumps and urine, and at some point, someone drilled into the pipe behind the clog and poured concrete into it and sealed it up. If you haven't guessed already, the rushing water is your progression, the clog is the amount of farming you have to do to get to where you want to go, and the concrete is the "Potato Paywall" as I'd like to put it, and you pay money to get a plumber to clean that  out or take classes on plumbing to do it yourself which correlates to waiting the long wait for alerts/invasions. And then you come to the realization that you spent all that effort to declog a toilet that isn't even yours which corresponds to why you should even play Warframe in the first place.
game-hours: 344.3
review: Why.... just Why oh Why. This game used to have an incredibly cool starmap to pick mission targets from which has been replaced by the LEAST imaginitive version of a boring laaaaaaame excuse for a planet interface any intern could possible slap together, FAIL. Most of the rest is really cool aside from pointless pvp. Awesome game if u wanna just bounce off walls and be invincible while shooting lazers everywhere. I loved this game until this new interface. Unbearable to play now goodbye Warframe :'(
game-hours: 74.9
review: this game takes more money than gaben did. -10/10
game-hours: 622.6
review: Warframe has a lot of promise but not much when it comes to end game fun, and quite a few down sides that make it hard to want to continue once you've reached a point. The majority of the gameplay is spent in farming or waiting for things that you will have no big use for once you have them. Also, there is a pretty big focus on smashing lots and lots of enemies rather than using intelligent gameplay. Maybe in the future if they do a better job with updating the game I would recommend it, but for now no.
game-hours: 1.6
review: gave me a headache.
game-hours: 7.8
review: Its dumb dont get it
game-hours: 1.2
review: pay to win.... not recomended at all
game-hours: 3.0
review: I keep getting this "update failed, restarting update" over and over again! :( HELP ME!
game-hours: 2.5
review: second time i've tried to get into this game now... it really is just rubbish. devs y u no give separate camera and aim sensitivities?
game-hours: 10.8
review: YOOOO yall been waitin fa dis review for a while now da review were Politcally correct tyrone..aka..Dis African american peace bruthuh..Revuwez WARFRAME...aight aight aight jus wanna tell u now gaem is ill ya know ya know game is ill dawg n what not but  bruthuh where the bruthuhs at, theys dis white  in da mudduh a who be frontin n  n givin u da low down fo da mission an i aint tryin play race card o nuttin but I jus cant help but feel like this is some pro slavery bull  ya know like an ol white trolem givin a bruthuh  fo bein a muthuh uh know whuddimean?.. so any way I say all my bruthuhs and i and  needz ta B0IZcot dis gaem fo slaveyr n  happens n  knwo whuddimean? Oppresive/10
game-hours: 0.7
review: another gold dusted turd f2p game
game-hours: 6.2
review: To be honest, I think I expected more of this game than I should have. My biggest complaints are that the levels are all pretty much the same 5 things over and over again, and that the microtransactions are really over the top. I typically don't mind microtransactions all that much, but it's super obvious from day one that they purposely made it difficult to get resources for items so that you would buy them from the Platinum store. Want a new armor other than Mag? Have fun grinding for hundreds of hour just to get one part. However, I love the art in this game, especially on the Tenno, and I think that combining parkour with a fast-paced action shooter was a good idea that got butchered by the paying aspects. If they removed all the microtransactions and sold it for 35 bucks, I would buy it again and play it in a heartbeat. TL;DR- If you don't mind being relentlessly nickled and dimed to death or are a fan of P2W games, you should definitely try it.
game-hours: 55.0
review: Grindframe If you enjoy grinding, grinding and possibly some grinding on the side, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 6.7
review: I wasn't a ninja so.. .
game-hours: 49.3
review: The game just leaves you to figure everything out yourself, which can be fun but in a game like this you'd not wanna do that. Now, the thing that makes me not recommend this game is the cash shop. Ohh, the flipping cash shop. This games cash shop is broken beyond belief. You can buy, quite litterally everything you need in this game through the cash shop, from the weapons, abilities, to even the skin your model has. This games fighting, parkour, world, and such are rather entertaining. But, the cash shop is what ultimately breaks this game.
game-hours: 115.1
review: Bugs. Bugs bugs bugs bugs, and more bugs. This game has more bugs than Assasin's Creed Unity and Halo at launch. Combined. Nothing more frustrating that completing a mission objective and geting stuck in the floor on your way to the exit. This happens way too much, and there is no simple unstuck button. You either have to wait for enemies to kill you (if there are any around), which sometimes fixes it, or abort the mission losing all rewards. Other than frequently getting stuck in the floor and other game breaking bugs, this game has potential to be fun. But sadly the developers seem more interested in new content (which is usually a good thing for most games) than fixing all the things that are currently broken with it.
game-hours: 18.9
review: I enjoyed playing, but they use every trick in the book to get your money, making the game almost unplayable for free. All in all it is a fun game but they got too greedy and now I don't play it any more. I imagine it would be less expensive as a monthly subscription game than on its current model. Oh and also the multiplayer is a bit glitchy/frustrating. If your friend drops out of your game, they may as well quit because they have lost every reward up to that point & all of the enemies have been revived & are COMING TO EAT THEIR FACES. Out of interest these are some of their methods to grab money: - Limited lives per day, and choke points late in levels so you are forced to revive (revives cost money) - The drop rate of good items (weapons etc) is rare to encourage you to buy them with money - In-game money will usually only buy you a blueprint of something, which you must then craft, costing EXTRA in-game dosh and items - Crafting (which you have to do to get your new weapons & suits) takes hours/days of real time but if you use money you can bypass the wait - Pets need daily 'medicine' that is expensive with in-game cash, but also available for money - Some rare items are only available as rare rewards from places you can only go if you get a rare drop, and have a limited life span (eg 24 hours) before they are destroyed from your inventory
game-hours: 154.6
review: Basically Farming Simulator with ninjas and guns. Nothing more than that. Don't play this game if you don't like Grinding, because that's all you are going to do in this game.
game-hours: 809.5
review: This game used to be one of my favorites but its new interface in incredibly bad and lacks a lot of information that used to be available. 3/10 would not recommend until fixed.
game-hours: 342.5
review: No. Not with THAT amount of repetitive gameplay and enormous grinding.
game-hours: 2.0
review: God awful. Cancer at its finest.
game-hours: 0.7
review: The game itself isn't very enjoyable in my opinion. But even worse is the EULA, which attempts to restrict the user.
game-hours: 314.3
review: 6/10 Highly repetitive and requires you to invest far too much time to get any progress.
game-hours: 2.4
review: really well designed and stylish pve pay-to-win
game-hours: 714.7
review: I play it too much, help me
game-hours: 754.9
review: It's a game where the developers extremely force to pay to obtain. It's literally an action call to pay for all things in game including the non-obtainable items. The developers haven't been on point and rarely do they adhere towards people's complains and madness. They don't give a crap about people's thought about what's in it for the players but more about the game. The devs changed the game's UI which turned out to be some futuristic  and I hate it. It used to run better, smoother, and everyone was happy with the old engine. Now you gotta go through like 10 dam interfaces to excess the mod list and even then you gotta wear spectactles because of the horrible organization of specified text and the organization of the UI system which just gets complicated and it's something not worth getting used to again. I used to try to get platinum to get the shop only items. Otherwise, you wouldn't never be able to farm it up unless you spent 12 hours each day farming the same boring missions all over again. This game lacks content and it's overplayed. It had a good start and they ruined it because nowadays game developers are businesses. They aren't developers and publicators, they are money-hungry pigs like EA.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Warframe took less time to load on Xbox One... Welp, when Warframe finally lets me play it, I'll update my review. But until then, I'm not reccomending it.
game-hours: 11.7
review: A very fun Pay to win game but after awhile turns into a very boring grind for gear...unless you pay....
game-hours: 192.8
review: i played that game before it went on steam. I went through the whole grinding hell. Then they decided to bring out a new update and changed all my super rare "items" to common item. My characters that was able to finish the highest lvl solo wasn't able anymore to finish lvl in the mid range of difficulties. I stoped playing. Come back yesterday after years. And the game is now even more ed up and the grind managed to get worser. There are alot better f2p games. Don't Download
game-hours: 11.7
review: Grinding. Lots of grinding.
game-hours: 638.5
review: The game used to be descent. They know made it pay 2 win and it now sucks. es made the game so we can't stop playing it because if we stop, we loose mods that are only available during  events. Then you can only get them from other players by trades that costs real money or other mods that are super ing rare. I used to love this game but it changed and now i believe its not worth. Nope i do not recommend such a money grabbing project.
game-hours: 230.9
review: 65 hours in. Do I recommend this game? NO.  NO. I wish I had never HEARD of this ing stupid game. *Takes a deep breath* I'm sorry. I just got done playing this game for the last time. Its FINALLY pushed me over the edge, and I'll never play it again. It honestly makes me sad that this game has pushed me to this point, because I LOVED this game. I loved the overall controls, I loved the various warframes and powers you can get and use, and I loved the different types of weapons you can get. So what pushed me? What made me rage quit so hard I deleted the game? The fact you have to GRIND, NONSTOP. EVERYTHING, and I mean EVERYTHING you do REQUIRES grinding. After 60 HOURS of pouring into this game, and even longer since I played it before OFF steam, and I was STILL STUCK with the Starting Warframe, and basic weapons. If you really want to make any progress, be ready to drop 200 dollars plus into the game, or have a bunch of really good players that'll help you out, because trying to progress through the game "solo'ing" is damn near impossible, especially once you hit Jupiter :/ Overall, It just kept getting harder and harder to justify WHY I was still playing the game, and after over 10 Odana wings IN A ING ROW, I finally said Screw it, I'm done. If you like a game that requires constant grinding, and takes you forever to make any progress this is the game for you.
game-hours: 675.1
review: Update: After another 300 hours I can say that this game has gotten better than it was before. They updated the launcher and it's actually really good. They've put in a lot of work in that amount of time and added some things to make the game more fun. The weekly small patches really add up in the end After over 300+ hours I think I'm ready to make my review.... This game is . -Launcher is broken as hell and the developers (DE) wont bother to fix it -Support ticket system is repetitive and doesn't help most of the time -The game is buggy as hell, a "hotfix" is generally a "hotbrake" more times than not -The game is just a repeat. Though mission levels do randomly generate it's just still the same thing over and over. -This game is basically a farm simulator. You spend more time grinding and farming for stuff than actually having fun with the game -The game is a resource hog. My computer never used to crash or overheat while playing this until Update 14.0.0. I could play it for hours on end The developers are just lucky I have enough patients to deal with their  game since I have nothing else to play. Good game -10/10
game-hours: 606.9
review: This game is very simplistic. >Play Mission >Beat Mission >Get Materials >Repeat Infinitely the only time id actually recommend this game is if you need something to play for a month before a real game releases. When you play it for the first time it will feel more like an addiction than anything else. As a F2P it does its job well in keeping things simple enough for the new player to want and obtain, but have also designed things in a way that take time.... albeit monotinous (grindy). When this game starts to make you feel like a robot by repeatedly doing one thing in hopes of obtaining something while feeling no emotion is different for everyone but the end result is the same.... you get burned out. At this point you either quit or you start dropping money to speed things along, which actually isnt going to help anything because the game is still the same. If i was to describe the game when i first started playing it i would say it was "A super awesome space ninja shootem up with potential". But to describe it now after spending more than enough hours to justify an honest review i would say it is, "A Space Ninja Dress Up Game That Slowly Decreases in Enjoyment". The levels are comprised of Blocks/Tile Sets that will be randomly pieced together for each mission. Doesnt mean the enviroment is randomly generated. You are still essentially on rails, but you may pass through 2 or three rooms that look the same before you finish. The enemy Ai is standard. When they tweak difficulty for a mission they dont make the enemies play smarter, they just make them hit harder. There really is no niche playstyle. You just assemble an oufit that lets you kill the most things as fast as possible and thats it, anything other is just a handicap/vanity item. This game also has alot of powercreep due to the way its designed and the amount of new content pertaining to weapons and frames that is released in a rather short amount of time. Now back to the top. I said this game was very simple. When you play this game the only desire to keep playing is to farm materials to make more items (weapons, frames etc.) because "farming IS the game". The crafting isnt interactive and there is nothing tied to crafting other than the materials needed. Its just a content timer. You get materials for a sword and now you have to wait 12 hours for it to finish.... or use real money to purchase 2ndary currency to bypass the timer and get it instantly. When you farm something in a game this simple its not rewarding to obtain it, its more of a relief as in "Omfg im so glad i do not have to keep doing that one mission". This game is not varied nor complex enough to warrant this much grind, the only reason the grind is in place is to make you more susceptible to using real money to get the items in the game. But this is a F2P. And before you realise it will become a very time consuming dressup simulator instead of a adrenaline infused challenging space ninja shooter.
game-hours: 159.5
review: I love dis game!
game-hours: 1.7
review: So is third-potato shooter has some guns has some melee mostly arien boobs tho 10/10 4 arien boobs
game-hours: 592.2
review: This game is amazing and just down right fun to play. its much better is you've got some mates to play with but fun none the less.
game-hours: 5.2
review: good game in grafics it's is gameplay and history
game-hours: 0.8
review: I don't like this
game-hours: 27.2
review: sexy
game-hours: 1263.2
review: Warframe is, in my opinion, one of the best Free-To-Play games on Steam. Its fun, addicting, and all aroun dawesome for playing with friends. Even though playing at the beginning can be a bit boring, thats how all games are at first. Try it out before you judge it and say you dont like it. Space Ninjas! What's not to like. 9/10
game-hours: 250.1
review: The game is very fun, as long as you're willing to pay some money.
game-hours: 269.5
review: ONE THE THE BEST GAMES EVER
game-hours: 1.5
review: Its a great game, but *cough* the brightness level IS TOO DAMN HIGH!
game-hours: 5.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1008.6
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 79.2
review: i recomend this game, the only down side is the grahpics because i use a laptop and the insanly good graphics are hell on it, even when all of them are turned down to the last setting but i still recomend it to anyone with fast computers and remember, ninjas play free
game-hours: 340.2
review: Really fun, free to play, Mass Effect. Be prepared to spend at least $20
game-hours: 27.2
review: THe most awesome sci fi shooter i have ever played.
game-hours: 997.6
review: Very itfrensiv I LOVE THIS GAME PUCAU PUCAU PUCAU
game-hours: 3.0
review: Great Games
game-hours: 524.1
review: This is the game for awsome space ninja killing that you can parkour with op charecters warframe is your game and i like the game cause there ninja's and im a ninja so go get the game if you want to slice a guy and crush a grineer soilder to bits.
game-hours: 666.3
review: IT'S DA BES
game-hours: 645.0
review: Space ninjas...need I say more?
game-hours: 126.9
review: It's for the BURBLES
game-hours: 9.6
review: great for beginners to hoone their skills
game-hours: 76.2
review: Amazing game,challenging but super fun
game-hours: 384.6
review: Help
game-hours: 881.1
review: ITS FUN!! NOW PLAY IT!!
game-hours: 16.5
review: VERY GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 3858.7
review: this is a good game, I think they should have a bit more back story but other than that, it is ok.
game-hours: 53.5
review: much shoot. very gun. many bullet. 10/10
game-hours: 3.3
review: It's free, so uhh... I gues that's a good reason to get it
game-hours: 1.4
review: It looks great and the twist on an FPS is very imaginative. The maps are gorgeous and the MP teams kept small almost like co-op but you do kind of get herded in the direction the game wants you to go. Make a wrong turn and you either fall off the map to your death or end up in something that resembles the survival mode of a zombie shooter. The power ups and skill trees are a bit wonky to figure out as well. I also experienced a lot of unintended rolls when I wanted to slide so pay attention to the controls. It's a pay to play game, however, so you will hit the wall unless you shell out some cash.
game-hours: 4.6
review: Very nice game!
game-hours: 3.9
review: It's a Good Game That's all
game-hours: 132.2
review: its pretty sexy so play it
game-hours: 306.7
review: VOLT SPEED ACTIVATE!
game-hours: 11.6
review: Freakin swagger shiet jumpin around shooting your friends while they are fightin da b0ss for nothing
game-hours: 331.3
review: Great game for all dogs and more dogs but dogs will dog dogs and dog in the dog, woah
game-hours: 146.1
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -Excellent Graphics -Cool Animations -Interesting Storys -Fun Missions -Best Physx and Effect -AND TO TOP IT ALL UPDATE 15!!!!
game-hours: 684.5
review: hard but awsome
game-hours: 9.9
review: Micro transaction simulator.
game-hours: 22.1
review: This game is a very "special game" it is a game where you grind 60% of the time, if that turns you off this game is not for you, if you're still here then i would fully recommend this game it starts off on earth and moves out you are fighting against humans and robots with a boss at the end of each system, it doesn't shove microstransaction in your face and you can definitely get through without microtransactions. I love this game i hope you will to.
game-hours: 0.5
review: aaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 58.9
review: ur smellyyyyyyyyyyy
game-hours: 23.6
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 208.5
review: funner
game-hours: 646.0
review: Fantastic free cyber shooter
game-hours: 16.2
review: PLEASE RELEASE FOR MAC PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
game-hours: 3.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 815.0
review: awsome game love it
game-hours: 15.7
review: Nice but repetitive
game-hours: 12.7
review: If you want a free high action rpg this is it it has amazing graphics and guys u will feel pro when u own Try it out I know you will like it :D
game-hours: 390.7
review: Lots of bugs. Good gameplay though.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Is like everything i see when im on drugs . 11/10-IGN
game-hours: 242.5
review: This game is amazing. It has so much to offer, the clan system is amazing, the characters are fully custamizable and look badass,. Space ninjas, powers, clan dojo's and events, custamization of a mmorpg... this game rocks and something new is offered every update.
game-hours: 181.7
review: You can jump on walls make back flips and do some ninja  , its awesome!
game-hours: 307.6
review: space ninja melee helicopter gun robots
game-hours: 15.9
review: i keep crashing can you fix this plz
game-hours: 8.7
review: it an awsome game
game-hours: 93.7
review: Worst Matchmaking ever. If you play any public match, get ready to be nuked. There is always at least one high level player who joins the beginner level. What happenes? The game ramp up all the enemys. Giving them rocket launchers and lots of armor. You won't do much damage to them and die fast. Even fail the mission. This game is full P2W. Most of equip you have to buy with real money. Grinding for resources is impossible if you are just a lowlevel, since the needed resources are hidden in higher levels. At same time, as you get some ranks, which don't increase your strength/damage, the enemys are scalled up, increasing everything (damage, shield, health). There are some missions you could solo. But at least half of the missions need coop. Without the right group it's impossible to win this missions. Go and grab Borderlands 2. More fun.
game-hours: 74.9
review: meh
game-hours: 60.0
review: game took my data away.
game-hours: 22.1
review: This game is a very "special game" it is a game where you grind 60% of the time, if that turns you off this game is not for you, if you're still here then i would fully recommend this game it starts off on earth and moves out you are fighting against humans and robots with a boss at the end of each system, it doesn't shove microstransaction in your face and you can definitely get through without microtransactions. I love this game i hope you will to.
game-hours: 0.5
review: aaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 53.5
review: much shoot. very gun. many bullet. 10/10
game-hours: 3.3
review: It's free, so uhh... I gues that's a good reason to get it
game-hours: 4.6
review: Very nice game!
game-hours: 3.9
review: It's a Good Game That's all
game-hours: 148.1
review: in space ninjas n , whats not to love?
game-hours: 3.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 170.2
review: You get to be a ninja and farm for dudes and pieces! Theres space sometimes i think. 10/14 no game is perfect
game-hours: 10.6
review: so ing cool play with me dude c'mon!!!
game-hours: 4.0
review: A good co-op time waster, "free to play" in the same way that League of Legends is. Sure, it's free. Or you could pay to unlock stuff. If you're a fan of faster paced shooters (slower than tribes, quake, or unreal) and want something different you can come back to time and time again for a mission or two at a time, this is that game.
game-hours: 76.2
review: Amazing game,challenging but super fun
game-hours: 1.9
review: Warframe este cel mai naspa joc din lume
game-hours: 0.1
review: suck...
game-hours: 133.0
review: huh good game
game-hours: 59.1
review: Highly Recommend this game, its a quick paced strategy game that is fine for both solo and team style playing. With the quick match-making process and the amazing ability to invite your friends and join in mid mission makes for good fun all around. This game has a fairly simple clan making system only "trick" is that to interact with your clan you must create a "dojo key" that requires some pick up from early game bosses. The editor is fairly friendly if you have people that have played the game before to walk you through, but after they explain it once it is very simple to pick up. MUCHO MUCHO FIRE AND SPACE NINJA IN SPACE BRVH!
game-hours: 144.6
review: very aaaaaaawwwwwssooooooommmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeee game
game-hours: 240.4
review: <3
game-hours: 2363.2
review: This game is by far one of my favs and its.....FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE u dont have to spend a cent coz its not a pay to win because its mainly team based but u can go solo or 1V1 friends :D
game-hours: 5.9
review: Ja r En Idiot Nrdar
game-hours: 331.3
review: Great game for all dogs and more dogs but dogs will dog dogs and dog in the dog, woah
game-hours: 146.1
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -Excellent Graphics -Cool Animations -Interesting Storys -Fun Missions -Best Physx and Effect -AND TO TOP IT ALL UPDATE 15!!!!
game-hours: 0.5
review: Suck
game-hours: 0.3
review: I would NEVER reccomend this game, the gameplay is boring, and the controls are screwed up. Worst 3rd person game EVER
game-hours: 2.4
review: i thought this game would be really good i had fun with it for a while that's until i realised that in order to actually have more fun with this game you need to get the other weapons the problem is that you need to visit this store thing and get one but guess what you can't use it which is a rip off also you need to do alot of back tracking in order to level up which is annoying. over all if you like this game that's fine but i don't.
game-hours: 6.8
review: One word: Boring. Other notes: 1. Unless u pay u can't get any non-default weapons/frames easily, it didn't look to me like unless u live inside the game u can get anything non-default at all actually, unless u open ur pockets of course, then u can get everything instantly. 2. Lack of any story, yup, they just toss u into the action and go ahead, grind mobs p_p very... fun, that. 3. Get's boring very quick. 4. Higher lvl players with awesome gear can get into your newbie party so you'll be just walking around feeling worthless. 5. You can get into high lvl party with every1 having awesome gear except you.. and once again you will be just running after them feeling worthless, and will likely be kicked when they see your 0 kill count. 6. Graphics ain't that good. 7. To lvl up u need to pass some kinda exams which would be fine if... u didn't need to wait 24 hours to have another attempt if u fail.. which ain't no fun at all.
game-hours: 2.5
review: the frame rate of this game is ing attrocious my pc runs almost all my games perfectly but not this game and on top of that its boreing as  and be ready to empty your wallet on it because its pretty much pay to win 3/10  this game
game-hours: 401.1
review: Ninja simulator, i think.
game-hours: 231.5
review: This game is freaking awesome, it's like ME3 multiplayer but much better
game-hours: 4.8
review: this game is really fun and haves a ok story but win u make a account its really easy to freget it but u should get this fanstice game
game-hours: 4.0
review: Very solid game
game-hours: 1.0
review: boring as , I would rather watch Cameron Diaz fist Alec Baldwins earlobe than play this hunk of dooky
game-hours: 885.9
review: Ruined my life.
game-hours: 17.8
review: This game is a bit of a car crash... first of all this game is freakin' huge so it lagged the scheie out of my computer. In fact I had to restart my computer just to open steam because it crashed. No doubt I had my moments with this game but honestly it's really not worth it.
game-hours: 311.2
review: Let me start this review off by saying....i used to be addicted to this game..... Its actually a pretty bad game when it coems down to core mechanics, but somehow it gives a lot of satisfaction. If you hvae a lot of free tiem and dont mind grinding or paying a little(a lot actually) then yeah play this Positives: -Good graphics -Good sounds -A lot of satisfaction when getting new weapons or frames -Many different weapons, frames and mods Negetives: -No really skill needed, no fun in gameplay -Grinding and farming for materials -Microtransactions are a lie._. -You MUST pay at least a little for the "full" experience -I have to say this again....gameplay is empty, hollow, boring........... All in all a kind of good time waster but it is addictive but not fun
game-hours: 132.2
review: its pretty sexy so play it
game-hours: 306.7
review: VOLT SPEED ACTIVATE!
game-hours: 5.8
review: 8================D
game-hours: 736.8
review: It's bloody parkour space ninjas. What more could you possibly ask for?
game-hours: 22.4
review: Pretty cool game! I recomend a controler for maximum enjoyability though.
game-hours: 325.2
review: PROS - Combat is fluid and feels nice to deal loads of damage Loads of choice in weapons and classes Updated frequently Is free CONS After a while it gets very repetitive Overall 9/10
game-hours: 2.1
review: The game called me a ninja before I even downloaded it. IGN: 11/10
game-hours: 1.8
review: I played for a total of two hours, and after I got stuck on the "Ordis has some  new arsenel" thing, I uninstalled the game. Thanks for wasting my time with your unintuitive UI and spamming british voices. But otherwise a beautiful game.
game-hours: 1591.2
review: Been farming the soma prime stock, it doesn't exist. Beginning to question reality. Rngesus hallucinations are reaching severe levels. Send help.
game-hours: 478.2
review: Best Free to Play. Hands down.
game-hours: 11.9
review: How to ruin your life in 3 easy steps! 1. Download Warframe 2. Start up Warframe 3. Play Warframe Congratulations! Your life is now ruined!
game-hours: 196.8
review: If I didn't know I'd say it was an AAA title. But it's free!
game-hours: 11.2
review: MAC PLEASE
game-hours: 11.9
review: this game is amazing and to think that its free its has the advanced graphics of a xbox one video game its insane i would recommend it to anyone
game-hours: 110.5
review: very fun game spent too much on it tho
game-hours: 112.9
review: Its most probably one of the best F2P and third person games , Love it
game-hours: 22.8
review: video game
game-hours: 311.2
review: Let me start this review off by saying....i used to be addicted to this game..... Its actually a pretty bad game when it coems down to core mechanics, but somehow it gives a lot of satisfaction. If you hvae a lot of free tiem and dont mind grinding or paying a little(a lot actually) then yeah play this Positives: -Good graphics -Good sounds -A lot of satisfaction when getting new weapons or frames -Many different weapons, frames and mods Negetives: -No really skill needed, no fun in gameplay -Grinding and farming for materials -Microtransactions are a lie._. -You MUST pay at least a little for the "full" experience -I have to say this again....gameplay is empty, hollow, boring........... All in all a kind of good time waster but it is addictive but not fun
game-hours: 93.7
review: Worst Matchmaking ever. If you play any public match, get ready to be nuked. There is always at least one high level player who joins the beginner level. What happenes? The game ramp up all the enemys. Giving them rocket launchers and lots of armor. You won't do much damage to them and die fast. Even fail the mission. This game is full P2W. Most of equip you have to buy with real money. Grinding for resources is impossible if you are just a lowlevel, since the needed resources are hidden in higher levels. At same time, as you get some ranks, which don't increase your strength/damage, the enemys are scalled up, increasing everything (damage, shield, health). There are some missions you could solo. But at least half of the missions need coop. Without the right group it's impossible to win this missions. Go and grab Borderlands 2. More fun.
game-hours: 74.9
review: meh
game-hours: 60.0
review: game took my data away.
game-hours: 2784.5
review: I think warframe is a pretty cool guy eh kills grinner and corpses and dosen't afraid of anything.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Whenever I try to login, it says that it can't connect to the server. Tell me if I'm doing something wrong.
game-hours: 6.9
review: Pretty okay but still not nearly as good as Garfield 2
game-hours: 32.7
review: I cri evri tiem becuz am constantly blinded by lights, Must wear glasses at any giben tiem .
game-hours: 820.9
review: I love the game but the connection is crap specially when you spend hours looking for a group then suddenly disconnects without a reason , cant connect properly with your friends over the net , trading sucks beecause of the network that is . but the game is great specially the fighting, network is crap they shouldreally fix it
game-hours: 11.4
review: This game sucks
game-hours: 0.6
review: spacedix and gaytanas, I r8 8/108 m8
game-hours: 337.2
review: iT REMINDS ME OF IF SPIRAL KNIGHTS HAD A BABY WITH DEADSPACE! GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 0.7
review: Whenever I try to login, it says that it can't connect to the server. Tell me if I'm doing something wrong.
game-hours: 6.9
review: Pretty okay but still not nearly as good as Garfield 2
game-hours: 32.7
review: I cri evri tiem becuz am constantly blinded by lights, Must wear glasses at any giben tiem .
game-hours: 820.9
review: I love the game but the connection is crap specially when you spend hours looking for a group then suddenly disconnects without a reason , cant connect properly with your friends over the net , trading sucks beecause of the network that is . but the game is great specially the fighting, network is crap they shouldreally fix it
game-hours: 11.4
review: This game sucks
game-hours: 24.5
review: space alien ninja fps
game-hours: 14.6
review: This game is nothing more than a pay-for-items grindhouse. While the gameplay is decent, the tantalizing lack of good items early in the game will have you spinning wheels trying to get things to craft, and then waiting 12 hours to craft something, and how you have to buy (with cash money) all the upgrade slots on your guy and inventory. The prices for all of the items is inconvieniently designed to keep you buying the in-game currency, as you will never come up with an even amount that will allow you to spend it all, unless you buy things that should be included anyway, like color palettes. This is my honest impression of the game, that it is solely designed to be a "you can skip the grind for three easy payments of the low low price of $19.99!" but here's the thing: the entire game is an unabashed grind. I thought the story and gameplay concept was interesting, but the business model feels like "give us more money" disguised as a game. It might say "Free-to-Play!" but it would be more accurate to say "Pay to have fun!" Skip this game, go buy a real game if you are tempted to buy any in-game items
game-hours: 1.6
review: THIS GAME IS COOL BUT I CAN'T CREATE AN ACCOUNT ALWAYS SAY'S INVALID ACTIVATION ALWAYS RETRY AND RETRY I TRIED MANY TIMES!!!!!!!!!!!! FIX IT NOW!
game-hours: 0.5
review: terrible game, super repetitive and honestly horrible graphics for what it should look like nowadays. another microtransaction game lel if you can call it "micro" at the prices they charge for ridiculous things. use your money and go buy a real game. honestly dont waste time on free to play garbage.
game-hours: 1.8
review: doesnt have any frames or war :(
game-hours: 40.9
review: Understandable how this is still Beta and all but...  those crashes. I crash like 2 times a day, and sometimes, the crashes are so bad, I cant even Exit the Application itself, leaving me a white screen where I do  hole. I seriously do not recommend it until these major issues are fixed but if your willing to put up with it, go ahead.
game-hours: 10.3
review: I wish I paid for this game so I could ask for my money back.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Free to play but expensive to enjoy. Quit being jewish you .
game-hours: 61.7
review: Is Not WORKING TO LOGIN its saids clearly:Login failed.Could not connect to server. (ERROR_INTERNET_TIMEDOUT) With good pasword and Enthernet on.FIX IT THEN WERE GONNA PLAY IT.
game-hours: 9.7
review: All you do is tha same damn boring things again and again for almost no reward.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Oh its cool alright. Buy unless you pay that cash, you are going to grrrrrrrind. Forever, and ever, the same levels grind, not new content grind. You will either break and start buying stuff you need to get to the higher levels (that you will unlock WAY before you can do) or you will grrrrrrrrind. Forever, and ever, amen.
game-hours: 7.6
review: I find it boring after the 5th hour of play. But it was a pretty good 5 hours.
game-hours: 232.6
review: Play this game if you have ABSOLUTLEY nothing else to play. the ONLY plantet anyone plays on is Earth and(for me anyways) it takes 20 min. to connect to a game.20 MIN! overall NOT worth it.
game-hours: 403.9
review: Too Buggy
game-hours: 56.4
review: snows on venus 10/10 for realism
game-hours: 5.1
review: Horribly repetitive grindfest with most of the interesting gameplay locked away behind grind or paywalls. Do not play unless you like to get lost in huge mission environments built from generic pieces, unsure of where to go next. Then do it again 5 times. Graphics are nice but definitely not enough to redeem it.
game-hours: 6.5
review: 1: Repetetive gameplay. 2: Time consuming if you don't want to spend a lot of money. 3: No option to change your first warframe at least once. How would a new player know what he wants/gets without having tested the different warframes first?
game-hours: 53.9
review: I have waited 2 days for them to activate my account, and It dosn't tell you how to find the message thourgh junk or steam to accept it. HELP PLZ
game-hours: 48.8
review: its fun to play for about 3 hours
game-hours: 1.0
review: Poor game design. Only cool graphic and sound but the game play is kinda boring and repetitive . You better spend time playing another games.
game-hours: 18.6
review: this is a great game but no mater what i do it does not run on my pc it does respowned even if it does have another trick up it's sleeve. pls tell me how to fix this
game-hours: 150.5
review: First the good parts of this game. Game play is fun, Landscapes look good, Weapons and armor customization are almost limitless. Now the bad. Ninja's in space is kind of wierd, as are the biotech visuals for the Warframes. I can look past that. Network code is buggy with regular failures to join sessions and disconnects for me and my clan mates. Squad population levels are very slow to update making it confusing and annoying trying to join squads. And I could get past all that too. What makes this a negative review for me is the Rank Up mechanic that is a challenge you have to complete to advance to the next level. You can only perform this challenge once every 24 hours. What makes this bad is the amount of time requried to achieve enough XP to take the challenge, for me this was over 20 hours of game time to reach Rank 2 and that was with the help of my higher level clan mates. I then failed the challenge twice because of inadequate gear and a 3rd time because of the above mentioned network glitchiness. After 3 failures over 3 days I'm annoyed. Annoying potential paying customers is not a good way to run a business.
game-hours: 0.6
review: NEEDED for mac
game-hours: 9.2
review: gameplay just doesnt stay fresh
game-hours: 30.6
review: Gameplay is awesome, runs smoothly even for my crapshoot of a computer. Faced paced and full of action. It is, howerever, impossible to continue if you're just starting out unless you have money, or good friends who've been playing awhile to carry you through the missions and get you stuff. Might have been better off just being pay to play, instead of free for inconvenient, but thats just me. If you enjoy spending hours getting very little progress at a time because you can't afford the virtual currency, then have fun.
game-hours: 88.6
review: Hell yeah. Quick, fun, lots of play styles... I like it! REVISITED: The game is pretty good, but the community just sucks. Very juvenille. Since figuring out the basics depends on information from other players, you'll spend a lot of time hoping for someone to answer simple questions rather than posting yet another braindead "your mom.." line. Pitiful.
game-hours: 1.3
review: farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming farming
game-hours: 21.4
review: Too repetitive for my taste.
game-hours: 42.5
review: this game is very nice (nothing to say)
game-hours: 14.0
review: Load of crap
game-hours: 39.6
review: Game should be called Warfarm.
game-hours: 2.5
review: MOTION BLUR
game-hours: 59.5
review: the only time you'll have fun is when you're not playing this game
game-hours: 93.0
review: To be honest with you, I have given this game a chance and there's something about it that I don't like. I can't quite put my finger on it, but it's there; its omnipresence is what drives me away from playing this game on my own. Granted, I do play when my friends invite me to play with them, but again, there is something, SOMETHING, that prevents me from getting into it. I've noticed a few things with the game, one of which is my eyes always hurt when playing this game due to the sheer amount of information appearing on the screen (explosions, enemies, etc) despite the fact I am running this game on the most minimalistic settings. This is the only game I've ever played where my eyes physically cannot handle the information on the screen and I have to stop and look away every few minutes in order ot be able to continue playing. The story and gameplay are solid and the customization options are great for whichever warframe you want to play. However, the sheer amount of grinding required to get all the resources to build each warframe and weapon is borderline ridiculous (Destiny on PS4/Xbone is much worse), but the microtransactions within the game allow you to acquire the gear you need. The warframes themselves are each unique and have their playstyles that will appeal to different players; whether you want to be a AOE control specialist like Nyx or a Bruiser like Rhino, there is a warframe in the game you will enjoy. The weapons are vast and pack a ton of punch with a wide variety of weapons; bows, pistols, quarterstaffs, etc. Unlike Destiny, this game actually has variety (and a story) in its missions and strays away from the linear go from point a to point b and kill everything type of mission structure. There are capture missions, control missions, assassinations, all of which are incredibly intense and do require teamwork (and maybe strategic planning if you're doing higher level stuff) in order ot pull off. I can understand why people would think the story is interesting but it doesn't appeal to me; I just want the loot and move on. Some of the missions you play, like defense missions, are incredibly easy with the right combinations; my friends and I pick warframes with aoe pulls and stun locks and kill everything relatively easily. Although not technically an exploit, its something that the devs could use to think about how to retool the warframes for certain missions to actually make thme a challenge instead of a snorefest of stun locks; maybe certain warframes could be banned for those missions, maybe have the stuns last a static amount of time and increase their cooldowns. IDK, I'm not the devs, but from my experience, those types of missions are incredibly boring with high level stun locking warframes (although it is an easy way to grind up loot and get exp, it would be more fun and better IMO if it was more challenging). Another problem with this game is the leveling system; it takes too long to level anything and coupled with the endless grinding of loot with seemingly no endgame, it gets kinda boring after a while. Although you can easily level by playing high level missions with other high level warframes, playing alone and trying to level up is a tough task. It would be better to increase the amount of exp you get from lower levels when you are alone (they do give a fair amount I'll admit but an increase would be appreciated) instead of having to repeat the same missions over until you get to an acceptable level. Lastly, since the game is still in beta, there are a ton of glitches. I can't count the times I've fallen through the floor, lagged out of a session, or have bullets go through enenmies and do no damage. I heard a rumor the game generates the world as you play it 9not if it's true) but I believe that is the reason the game glitches so much. The game should premake the maps before you load into the session as it would prevent those gamebreaking bugs from occuring as often. Or even better, actually have prebuilt maps like they do for defense missions and expand on them. In short, it doesn't seem like the game can handle the generated maps alongside the gameplay. That's all I'm going to say about this game for now; there are other problems I have with this game but none come to mind ATM. In summary (tl;dr): If you enjoy grinding you'll love this game, if not, go play something else. + Tons of Customization + Wide Mission Variety + It's free! - Way too much grinding - Microtransactions (optional, but I personally believe they shoudn't exist in any game) - No endgame whatsoever - Glitchy at some points 5/10
game-hours: 59.3
review: This game has good graphics, it's fun at the beggining. But the only problem is the grinding and "you can rank up once per day".
game-hours: 0.5
review: another fps wow please take all my money
game-hours: 251.7
review: Personally, I love this game. Space ninjas, magic, and mass murder is pretty damn great, However, it has some game breaking bugs that always coincide with events. I had a party bug that made me go solo always, which was no problem, but running a melee only interception is ridiculously difficult. If you're gonna hold an event, make sure that your game doesn't break during it. Seriously. Anyway, I have no other complaints because this game is amazing, but devs, I understand the weekend is your break, but the events usually start on Friday anyway. I really hate that. I really don't wanna play this game because it's gonna suck me into it again, and then break and I"ll be left scratching my head.
game-hours: 6.4
review: rheally ghood ghame
game-hours: 138.1
review: poopiest game of the year it took me 2 years to finally download it with my .02 download speed Kappa
game-hours: 655.4
review: There's literally only one problem of the game and it's based individually on each person. How far are you willing to go? After completing Weapon Mastery of over 60+ weapons, I can say that it is in fact based on what you're willing to do. The game-play does get repetitive after reaching your first mastery; however, people usually subside this repetitiveness by playing a different style, warframe, or using a different weapon. Dueling is another way, but in the end, I don't expect this game to go competitive where cash prizes may be concerned.
game-hours: 391.3
review: Ignore my playing hours. I've been playing this game every day for 8 months now. First impression: Highly satisfying game. You get to choose one of the three starter Warframes, primary rifle, sidearm and melee weapin with different abilities and properties. As you proceed, you will feel a sense of satisfaction is finishing missions, progressing through the star chart, acquiring new weapons and Warframes along the way. You get a sense of mysteriousness of the story and also you will know that this game has a very deep story-telling waiting to be told. Awesome graphic and sound effects too. After playing it for some time: ADDICTION Yes, you wanna play it again and again and again. Spending hundreds if not thousands of hours to acquire that one weapon, that one part of a Warframe. GRIND AND GRIND AND GRIND until you hate the game. After that you hate yourself.... But DAMN after all that griding, now you have a new weapon, a new Warframe. It feels kinda worth it. You feel like starting a new mission...
game-hours: 0.5
review: wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
game-hours: 3110.1
review: I guess WarFrame is a PVE style game that puts players through a lot of missions & alerts that are basically all the same from the lowest level ones to the very highest. There are currently 4 or 5 different types of missions which range from Exterminating enemies, to capturing wanted enemies & killing enemies to keep your oxygen levels up. WarFrames can all be obtained for FREE or by buying them for a CASH SHOP currency called Platnium. Most players find them as it isn't hard but it can be very very repetative (The whole game is very very very much so) At this time there are a range of 17 or 18 frames available to players & each one has abilities that are unique to that frame. Weapons & WarFrames can be upgraded by adding or removing mod cards that players get while doing missions (They are dropped by some of the enemies) This can give the weapon extra attributes that can make it do a few very helpful things like dealing certain types of damage. (Like Radiation damage or Viral damage etc) The level system in WarFrame is a bit different from the sort most people will have encountered in most other games in that a player gains Mastery Points only by actually using weapons & frames so they level up. Everything has a level cap of level 30 as far as Frames & weapons go & ATM the highest level available to players Mastery is level 15 or 16 (Cant remember atm sorry) WarFrame was a let down for myself as I have been playing for some time during it's development & it seems to have stalled hard. It has been turned into a grind fest with players having to basically do the same type of missions all the time from the vey lowest levels to the very highest. I wouldn't recommend the game to people I know in real life as it currently stands, & hopefully the developers will find the right track & make the game good again
game-hours: 3110.1
review: I guess WarFrame is a PVE style game that puts players through a lot of missions & alerts that are basically all the same from the lowest level ones to the very highest. There are currently 4 or 5 different types of missions which range from Exterminating enemies, to capturing wanted enemies & killing enemies to keep your oxygen levels up. WarFrames can all be obtained for FREE or by buying them for a CASH SHOP currency called Platnium. Most players find them as it isn't hard but it can be very very repetative (The whole game is very very very much so) At this time there are a range of 17 or 18 frames available to players & each one has abilities that are unique to that frame. Weapons & WarFrames can be upgraded by adding or removing mod cards that players get while doing missions (They are dropped by some of the enemies) This can give the weapon extra attributes that can make it do a few very helpful things like dealing certain types of damage. (Like Radiation damage or Viral damage etc) The level system in WarFrame is a bit different from the sort most people will have encountered in most other games in that a player gains Mastery Points only by actually using weapons & frames so they level up. Everything has a level cap of level 30 as far as Frames & weapons go & ATM the highest level available to players Mastery is level 15 or 16 (Cant remember atm sorry) WarFrame was a let down for myself as I have been playing for some time during it's development & it seems to have stalled hard. It has been turned into a grind fest with players having to basically do the same type of missions all the time from the vey lowest levels to the very highest. I wouldn't recommend the game to people I know in real life as it currently stands, & hopefully the developers will find the right track & make the game good again
game-hours: 144.9
review: People have their opinions, some enjoy grinding all day. Some don't. Some are fine with the simple enemy design Some aren't. But when you make people have to pay to continue progressing... Nobody enjoys that. This used to be one of my best go-to games if i just felt like a "kill everything in creative ways" mood. However with the added inventory system that requires you to buy space with platinum i cant progress. As much as I love this game, you cant call it free to play unless you're fine with about 100 hours of gameplay. The inventory system is a way for the creators to milk as much as they can from the players while still passing off the game as free to play instead of just making an initial fee to download it. I don't know if this was recently added or has been in since first created, all i know is if looking for a game you can pour a lot of hours and really get into this is not your game unless you're willing to pay.
game-hours: 77.3
review: it was okay until U15 arrived, now i cant play it.. Thanks U15 - 0/10 U15 ruined the game like your mommas makeup - IGN
game-hours: 7.4
review: This game is the boam. the grapgic is awesome, desing your person any color
game-hours: 5.8
review: dadsdgbuhdjawdjsskdaw
game-hours: 9.3
review: Okay, I know my opinion wont mean much due to my low play time but take it from someone who has seen what this game has done to people. This whole game is one giant  measuring contest. [This is basically what I heard when my friends talked about what they had in the game] "GUYS I GOT A [Insert rare gun name]" *players digital  size increased* "BREH I GOT A ING [Inserting random prime character name]" *players digital  size increased largely* "DUDES I GOT A [Insert a decent item name]" *players  size increased* "Bro that's not even good." *other players  size decreases* "BUT BUT BUT I GOT A [prime character]" * SIZE HITS THE ROOF AND ROOF EXPLODES* "This game is awesome." *3 weeks later* "THIS GAME ING SUCKS OMG THIS IS  WHY DOES THIS EXIST I HATE IT" *has 12,132 hours on the game* "I AGREE THIS GAME IS ING STUPID" *has 7,424 hours on record.* "I think it's okay.." *has 2 hours on record* And that is how this game affected the people around me.
game-hours: 48.8
review: gr8 b8 m8 r8 8/8 (like if u have cs:go)
game-hours: 210.8
review: Whay is my acount susspended
game-hours: 3.9
review: when i try to download the game or play it, it keeps telling me that the update failed and try again later. I did this two months ago and again today, what do I do?
game-hours: 1.4
review: It wont let me sign up so dont use your computer memory for that bull
game-hours: 35.4
review: Ah ok I guess
game-hours: 6.1
review: Game 4.5/10
game-hours: 1.7
review: I played this game for like 2 hours and afterwards all of my progress was lost for no reason. 13/10 IT WAS ALRIGHT FOR AWHILE I GUESS GOTYAY
game-hours: 2.5
review: nice game ;)
game-hours: 118.1
review: This game is amazing! It has some of the best graphics I have ever seen and is a fun fast paced alien rpg! There are several things this game has to offer and trust me it does, and is a fun game to play with your friends or to see how well you do on your own! On a scale of 1 to 10 i rate this game a 9.5, pretty good! If you like weapons and aliens i'm sure you will love this game!
game-hours: 2.9
review: Never played. 9/10.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Space Ninjas?...no. This game gets old very quick as it repeats the same levels over and over again just with different objectives. One mission you rescue, the next you destroy. EVERY MISSION LOOKS PRETTY MUCH THE SAME! Not bad for a free to play, but not worth your time, and or money for DLC.
game-hours: 0.7
review: 10/10 Did not enjoy
game-hours: 2.1
review: Money hungry.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Complete . Every mission is the same and the game feels like it was designed by a 12 year old
game-hours: 25.9
review: no.
game-hours: 78.8
review: Its free! That's...something.
game-hours: 1.7
review: all you do is run through linear maps shooting bad guys acquiring materials so you can build better gear. if that's your thing, go for it.
game-hours: 13.0
review: The game is great, but if you have a  ISP don't even bother. There are so many problems with the multiplayer that I've spent hours and hours trying to fix and have had no positive results, especially with the port forwarding. You guys really need to fix this whole strict NAT type. Why would you make a multiplayer game that doesn't even connect to your friends in the same region? Pointless game, deleting it.
game-hours: 74.7
review: Great game but it takes an arm and a leg to upgrade the damn character
game-hours: 13.9
review: Honestly, Warframe is not a bad game. But i find it is one of those free to play games where you need to spend real life money to get anything cool, Considering getting in-game cash is very slow and takes forever. The storyline is great, The graphics are great, But i find the level design to be too repetitive. If your are fine with repetitive level design and using lots of real life money in a game, Then get this.
game-hours: 0.3
review: if you don't have the best computer this game is not for you i try to play giant texture glitch or something so stupid
game-hours: 1.1
review: it keeps on glitching every time i look around and when i try to move.
game-hours: 166.1
review: I played it for around two months and got banned for something as little as giving myself infinite money and mods. Not my fault they had little to no anticheat back then. :(
game-hours: 138.3
review: dont get it sure its fun at first but later its just he same thing over and over again and it gets amazingly boring
game-hours: 639.9
review: steam is saying that i nned to buy it becuase a friend is using it in family share :( THE GAME IS FRICKIN FREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 10.1
review: This Game is fun im not gonna lie but the bugs and crashes and really annoying freezes make the game damn near unplayable
game-hours: 55.7
review: Recommended for a try due to high polish Sticking around however, unless you have dedicated buddies to help with the ridiculous artificially difficult bosses, not recommeded.
game-hours: 13.7
review: i didn't find it interesting. ran into a couple glitches too.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Zzzz
game-hours: 9.8
review: I think my friend has a problem.... I'm going to have to set up an intervention.
game-hours: 11.5
review: The thing that makes this game unplayable is that when you inevitably fail the mission you don't gain anything for the attempt so without spending an inordinate amount of cash or cope with ridiculous amounts of frustration you aren't going to get anywhere.
game-hours: 17.6
review: More grinding than a high school Homecoming dance.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Tutorial is broken, game is non-obvious on how to start with plenty of graphics issues. My screen would randomly adjust gamma throughout the game.
game-hours: 8.5
review: Fun for the first hours and enjoyable later, yet it becomes a grindfest to buy new weapons, and obtaining new warframes is hard. And as with all F2P games, it has a pay to win aspect, in which it is incredibley hard to get anything good unless you buy it.
game-hours: 375.5
review: 10/10 would no life again.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Approved.
game-hours: 273.0
review: Constantly being updated with new things to work towards, keeps you busy.
game-hours: 11.0
review: Best Free Fps / Adventure game ever <3
game-hours: 23.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 6.3
review: I would play this game, if i could fricking update always getting update failed after the mesa update
game-hours: 5.1
review: 9/10
game-hours: 443.2
review: NINJAS IN SPACE.
game-hours: 2.5
review: Warframe is a good game, it's like a mix of Halo and Mass Effect. Controlls can be hard to master but it is a fun game with few flaws. Oh and it's free ;)
game-hours: 3.4
review: XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD!!!!!!!
game-hours: 0.6
review: good
game-hours: 546.2
review: I use to love this game, played it for over 500+ hours, spent over $400 on items/upgrades and when they made the interface changes that totally turned the game into a new look, ships, all that junk, it ruined the whole experience. I would NOT ever recommend this game just because of that one change... something amazing became something just unplayable and complicated to even look at. I wouldn't even rate Warframe 1/0... it gets no props for this screw up. People pay money for this game and I am just 100% displeased by their interface changes that I will never play a Digital Extremes developed game ever again as well for the simple fact they only show they change a good thing into a negative one when that change did not need to take place to begin with, and then keep moving forward with this negatively impacted interface decision. My friends even stopped playing... all vets of the game from beta when the game didn't even have more than 100 players on the weekend. I never been so pissed off about a game update in my whole life.
game-hours: 399.8
review: So many bugw, i have reinstalled multiple times, its a great game dont get me wrong but the bugs really ruin it and customer support is
game-hours: 3.0
review: I hope you trained your fingers well, otherwise you will lack in mobility. First off bigest issue the keybindings. Ingame you need to switch from sniping to key-smashing-meele. Sadly while keysmashing the 1 meele-button. you lose one button for your movement. When you now try to use an ability, you can only run in one direction, making it worse to meele. This is a Problem you PROPERBLY wouldnt have while playing on a controller. Sadly i cant aim that way. Minor Issues: - The Bow is OP as hell even if uncharged i often used to meele-snipe instead of meele, because: - meele is either a one-hit-kill (in the back; assasinate) or a feather against a stone(in the front) - "Story" is so linear it hurts for example (rewards): machine for blueprints -> blueprint -> materials - AI 10m away they wont see you. You can snipe as you want unless they press the alarm, but: - The Alarmsystem is somehow spawning enemys as strong the first hard encounter, but can be hacked by a 3 year old - abilitys consume mana like hell so can max. use 2 unless u find a box with mana for a half ability Pay-2-play: If you've chosen a character and your weapons: you can only change the weapons, but good weapons cost gold by the way if you dont like your character dont worry a cooler one is playable, for money ... jeeey
game-hours: 0.9
review: Pay to win this game anit free! $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
game-hours: 6.3
review: It was a good game with cool concepts but all the micro-transactions it requires to get into the game is not worth the price
game-hours: 58.1
review: Looks like a bunch of anime robots fighting other anime robots in what looks like Not Mass Effect. Bored to tears already.
game-hours: 1.8
review: What's this?
game-hours: 0.1
review: graphics look awesome but story?nope i wudnt reccomend this
game-hours: 7.2
review: No because of Nvidia PhysX!
game-hours: 20.4
review: Way too repetitive... Same map over and over, with the same goals...
game-hours: 2.1
review: pice of  u really must remake your log sistem !!!
game-hours: 4.6
review: Pfff.....
game-hours: 130.8
review: pay 2 win is pay 2 win. and once u pay 2 win, 1 week later your items become  due to  item implementation and then u have to pay some more to win.
game-hours: 0.7
review: warframe? more like war lame
game-hours: 0.3
review: its bed gejm, dont duwnload i dunt get the puint not fun at all, wuste of tajm. dont gut the poinjt of gejm, why u make this studio? sorry not like gejm.
game-hours: 36.4
review: literally the worst game in the entire universe
game-hours: 51.0
review: really great game but considering i have to redownload every single time i open steam -73.25/10 so frustrating
game-hours: 46.1
review: this game is just pay to win
game-hours: 0.7
review: Mildly entertaining. Fast paced-action. Not a bad game but not a top recommendation simply because when Steam sales hit there are far better games that are easily affordable to anyone with the capabilities of running this one. I recommend looking elsewhere for an action experience.
game-hours: 59.9
review: They reconstructured the whole melee-system into a mash-friendly facerolling kiddy-game Havent been in Warframe the past year and now there is literally no reason for me anymore to play this game I once really liked... :(
game-hours: 122.6
review: This looks like it could possibly be a very fun/interesting game. Only problem is that it wont even download. The Warframe client always gets stuck on "checking for new content" while also displaying the remining mb left to download (no progression though.) If anyone know a way to fix this, that would be very helpful. Until this gets fixed I am going to have to not reccomend the game.
game-hours: 7.8
review: :)
game-hours: 0.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1.2
review: The story was like a pack of tayters it sits in your mouth too long
game-hours: 53.0
review: Too much space. 7.8/10
game-hours: 3.8
review: This game is a fun and graphically impressive game with solid gameplay with massive customization. There are many characters you can choose from or BUY which this game is a pay to win and will have their own special abilities. Its only fun for coop but otherwise this is a PAY TO WIN.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Pay to win rubbish
game-hours: 1.8
review: Weird, repetitive and boring.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Play dis mission fo 10 hours straight and u gotta 5% chance to getta sipa rifle that does 2 moar damg tha ur pistol and u gotta pay money for da pistol but the pistol 10 dolalrs shotugn sniper. DOTA 2
game-hours: 3.9
review: Today's Review: Warframe Well, I REALLY had a great review for this game so far i've started and the first thing that comes to your mind is "The Market" pretty much you're  besides a person that pays for this game, either buying the starter packs or "becoming platinum" this game pretty much forces you to buy stuff, not cosmetics no, this items are actually better and yeah some are also comestics but it's like you're gonna need the market and a lot of money, i mean A LOT, having this MAYOR problem is actually 1 of the 2 only problems with this game (honestly most ppl play this game for the only reason is free, because the story sucks) graphics are pretty decent but that's about it, you'll have to fight your way through a horrendously difficult game, constantly you're gonna be harrased for the market (that's like there anytime you move arround your ship) and eventually you're gonna quit like me because without buying things from the market you're essentially dommed to be level 15 to play a mission for lvls 2 to 3 (that's actually not a joke or an exageration, i'm level 6 and i've died 8 times in a 2/3 lvl mission) so i DO NOT, and repeat I DO NOT recommend this game to anyone, for any reason. It's like if the devs said: "Ok so we have the market, we have the items we're gonna sell and we have the prices, all we need to do is start programing the game!" srly i have 25.000 credits and they are WORTHLESS, you need Platinum that (of course) you buy with dollars and mostly all the warframes comes with it, i mean you have like iniatially 3 and they suck, SOME items dropped in game can provide a SMALL amount of platinum, something the devs call "oh so you don't have a credit card :(" Metascore: 52/100 "If this was a 20 bucks game with a normal market (both dollars and in game currency) as a model, it could be a lot better, in fact, this isn't good at all"
game-hours: 0.7
review: Dull boreing no wonder its free to play
game-hours: 14.9
review: F*** THIS GAME ! online play not working correctly and no real help to fix the problems (the game itself is quite good but i can't stand having to try countless things until it works)
game-hours: 0.1
review: I WILL PLAY THAT GAME WHEN YOU WILL LEARN HOW TO PATCH IT VIA STEAM AS IT SHOULD BE.
game-hours: 6.7
review: WHERE'S THE DELETE/UNINSTALL BUTTON!?!?So this is probably a good game,BUT,IT TOOK FREAKING FOREVER TO DOWNLOAD,THEN WHEN I PRESSED PLAY IT DECIEDED TO DOWNLOAD SOME MORE,AND THEN IT FELT LIKE FREAKING CRASHING.I FUMED MAD,BUT TRIED AGAIN BECAUSE OF THE OVERWHELMINGLY POSITIVE REVIEWS OF THIS GAME.SO IT FELT LIKE DOWNLOADING STUFF AGAIN.LIKE 3 HRS LATER,I COME BACK TO FIND THAT IT HAS CRASHED YET AGAIN!SO THEN I WRITE THIS REVIEW.
game-hours: 421.2
review: More like Warfail. Total ing grindfest now, if you wanna cut the grind times to a minimum you have to PAY for it, and the premium currency prices are ing OUTRAGOUS. And forget about all this "new weapon every week" . all the new weapons are just crap now, like that new staff weapon, which looks like someone sat on the end of a Bo staff, the starting weapon, which is excacly what it is. They may have added that space combat crap in, but it got SOOO boring really fast, considering all you can farm is another two weapons for it. It's also disorientating, so unless your a hardcore ace pilot, I recommend getting some Gravol on standby. There's a few new missions to play on a new planet, but the problem is the planet is trying to KILL YOU. It's colder than Hoth, and if you build up alot of "freezing" you take damage! EVEN IF your playing as the warframe that SHOOTS ICE AND CAUSES AVALANCHES. This game USED to be fun, but now, since its soooooo popular, they mess the damn thing up with so much crap, its unruly.
game-hours: 122.6
review: This game does NOT have my Choder Seal of Excellence
game-hours: 0.6
review: Very boring and bad game. Don't use your PC's power on this game. Poor Computers that runs this game...
game-hours: 0.5
review: nope nope nope
game-hours: 639.9
review: steam is saying that i nned to buy it becuase a friend is using it in family share :( THE GAME IS FRICKIN FREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 10.1
review: This Game is fun im not gonna lie but the bugs and crashes and really annoying freezes make the game damn near unplayable
game-hours: 55.7
review: Recommended for a try due to high polish Sticking around however, unless you have dedicated buddies to help with the ridiculous artificially difficult bosses, not recommeded.
game-hours: 13.7
review: i didn't find it interesting. ran into a couple glitches too.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Zzzz
game-hours: 9.8
review: I think my friend has a problem.... I'm going to have to set up an intervention.
game-hours: 11.5
review: The thing that makes this game unplayable is that when you inevitably fail the mission you don't gain anything for the attempt so without spending an inordinate amount of cash or cope with ridiculous amounts of frustration you aren't going to get anywhere.
game-hours: 17.6
review: More grinding than a high school Homecoming dance.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Tutorial is broken, game is non-obvious on how to start with plenty of graphics issues. My screen would randomly adjust gamma throughout the game.
game-hours: 8.5
review: Fun for the first hours and enjoyable later, yet it becomes a grindfest to buy new weapons, and obtaining new warframes is hard. And as with all F2P games, it has a pay to win aspect, in which it is incredibley hard to get anything good unless you buy it.
game-hours: 65.6
review: Clicking Log-in and nothing happens... clicking Log-in Multiple times nothing happens :(
game-hours: 2.6
review: i couldn't log into the game :(
game-hours: 11.4
review: An OK game, but in short gets REALLY repetitive and annoying.
game-hours: 2.0
review: THIS GAME IS SCARY AND SUCKY
game-hours: 0.3
review: for some reason when i try to play it says updating directx failed???
game-hours: 14.3
review: Warframe is just another cumdumptser IGP game. It is the same thing over and over and your encouraged to buy all their crap or suffer hours of waiting to forge your own. ITs the same BUISNESSmodel as League of Legends or Angry Birds. Biggest waste of time of seen and its a sad note in history that this is where gaming is headed.
game-hours: 0.9
review: played the tut mission and half the other mission and didn't like it
game-hours: 797.3
review: loads in german, then shows no text, patches, then crashes upon trying to start. don't waste your time, probably malware or something
game-hours: 1915.1
review: i have problem with update
game-hours: 0.5
review: lol
game-hours: 0.8
review: Looks pretty neat at first but after playing a few games it quickly becomes apparent that it's just a microtransaction farm. Maps are crudely cookie cuttered together to make "new" maps. For each mission. Weapon progression is incredibly slow without dumping some cash into your game.
game-hours: 2.0
review: I only played about an hour but that hour was super boring. Generic 3rd person shooting with really no story line. This is a co-op only game vs ai. You shoot the dumb ai and thats the game. Visualy it looks like a generic Unreal Engine game. Generic is the keyword for this game has it has no redeeming qualities.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Gonna uninstall it for now. Got into the tutorial, crashed right after i attempt to change the graphic setting. first impression: -laptop with geforce 630M and i5 barely handle the graphic with everything on. -character design is so damn ugly in game (opinion) -crash might happens frequently since it even crashed when i change the setting. Definitively not recommend at this point of the game.
game-hours: 6.8
review: this game was  i recommend you do not download it and tell the makers to burn in hell
game-hours: 5.0
review: just is crap
game-hours: 1.0
review: i do not reccomend this game only because i expected more out of it the customization is low and the gameplay is repetitive
game-hours: 27.5
review: pay to win? naww thnks
game-hours: 0.4
review: just boring
game-hours: 1.8
review: Great concept, and graphics but thats where it ends. Game play is lacking, controls are glitchy, the game saddles you with making a huge choice right at the begining on what warframe you want to play and then, from what ive found, to switch you have to pay money. Game tries to get you to buy upgrades, and accessories for rediculous amounts of money. NOT A FAN.
game-hours: 44.9
review: Played this game for almost 2 days worth of time just to be banned for no reason what so ever. Total waste of time really glad i wasnt stupid enough to pay these A$$clowns any money. For being a beta it definatly shows it. Mass bugs and crashes alot.
game-hours: 7.2
review: No because of Nvidia PhysX!
game-hours: 20.4
review: Way too repetitive... Same map over and over, with the same goals...
game-hours: 2.1
review: pice of  u really must remake your log sistem !!!
game-hours: 4.6
review: Pfff.....
game-hours: 130.8
review: pay 2 win is pay 2 win. and once u pay 2 win, 1 week later your items become  due to  item implementation and then u have to pay some more to win.
game-hours: 0.7
review: warframe? more like war lame
game-hours: 0.3
review: its bed gejm, dont duwnload i dunt get the puint not fun at all, wuste of tajm. dont gut the poinjt of gejm, why u make this studio? sorry not like gejm.
game-hours: 36.4
review: literally the worst game in the entire universe
game-hours: 51.0
review: really great game but considering i have to redownload every single time i open steam -73.25/10 so frustrating
game-hours: 46.1
review: this game is just pay to win
game-hours: 0.7
review: Mildly entertaining. Fast paced-action. Not a bad game but not a top recommendation simply because when Steam sales hit there are far better games that are easily affordable to anyone with the capabilities of running this one. I recommend looking elsewhere for an action experience.
game-hours: 59.9
review: They reconstructured the whole melee-system into a mash-friendly facerolling kiddy-game Havent been in Warframe the past year and now there is literally no reason for me anymore to play this game I once really liked... :(
game-hours: 122.6
review: This looks like it could possibly be a very fun/interesting game. Only problem is that it wont even download. The Warframe client always gets stuck on "checking for new content" while also displaying the remining mb left to download (no progression though.) If anyone know a way to fix this, that would be very helpful. Until this gets fixed I am going to have to not reccomend the game.
game-hours: 7.8
review: :)
game-hours: 0.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1.2
review: The story was like a pack of tayters it sits in your mouth too long
game-hours: 53.0
review: Too much space. 7.8/10
game-hours: 3.8
review: This game is a fun and graphically impressive game with solid gameplay with massive customization. There are many characters you can choose from or BUY which this game is a pay to win and will have their own special abilities. Its only fun for coop but otherwise this is a PAY TO WIN.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Pay to win rubbish
game-hours: 1.8
review: Weird, repetitive and boring.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Never got to play it even after like 3 different updates because the launcher freezes.
game-hours: 3.5
review: Not a bad shooter but bad level / upgrade. Play the game and you'll see.
game-hours: 49.0
review: Stop wasting your time reading this review.... play the game
game-hours: 901.3
review: I freaking love this game. The combat feels so satisfying when slicing an enemy in two or hitting a critical point on a Grineer's head. With a good amount of customisation, I'd definately recommend this game to anyone who likes creating their own characters and bases and brutal combat.
game-hours: 9.3
review: Good story line, good graphic and good action
game-hours: 15.0
review: gonna download the game again something tells me (other than 5000000 other times i have tried) i will get update failed or failed to update hmmmm yeah #pls no
game-hours: 1.1
review: Boring.
game-hours: 17.2
review: Play a level for an hour and die at the end only to have to start all over? Not my kinda game. Just turns into a shoot everything, no skill game after a while.
game-hours: 1.6
review: THIS GAME IS COOL BUT I CAN'T CREATE AN ACCOUNT ALWAYS SAY'S INVALID ACTIVATION ALWAYS RETRY AND RETRY I TRIED MANY TIMES!!!!!!!!!!!! FIX IT NOW!
game-hours: 0.3
review: i cant get past the update screen and i cant play so its
game-hours: 1.8
review: doesnt have any frames or war :(
game-hours: 40.9
review: Understandable how this is still Beta and all but...  those crashes. I crash like 2 times a day, and sometimes, the crashes are so bad, I cant even Exit the Application itself, leaving me a white screen where I do  hole. I seriously do not recommend it until these major issues are fixed but if your willing to put up with it, go ahead.
game-hours: 10.3
review: I wish I paid for this game so I could ask for my money back.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Free to play but expensive to enjoy. Quit being jewish you .
game-hours: 61.7
review: Is Not WORKING TO LOGIN its saids clearly:Login failed.Could not connect to server. (ERROR_INTERNET_TIMEDOUT) With good pasword and Enthernet on.FIX IT THEN WERE GONNA PLAY IT.
game-hours: 9.7
review: All you do is tha same damn boring things again and again for almost no reward.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Oh its cool alright. Buy unless you pay that cash, you are going to grrrrrrrind. Forever, and ever, the same levels grind, not new content grind. You will either break and start buying stuff you need to get to the higher levels (that you will unlock WAY before you can do) or you will grrrrrrrrind. Forever, and ever, amen.
game-hours: 7.6
review: I find it boring after the 5th hour of play. But it was a pretty good 5 hours.
game-hours: 232.6
review: Play this game if you have ABSOLUTLEY nothing else to play. the ONLY plantet anyone plays on is Earth and(for me anyways) it takes 20 min. to connect to a game.20 MIN! overall NOT worth it.
game-hours: 403.9
review: Too Buggy
game-hours: 0.1
review: CUS ITS HARD. like my
game-hours: 20.4
review: It's a pretty good game. Pretty much just a low budget Destiny
game-hours: 7.0
review: Flappy Tenno. 10/10
game-hours: 4.6
review: I played for a few hours until I noticed my revives were permantely decreasing. Apparently, Warframe gives you 4 revives per day and once you run out you automatically fail missions when you die. From what I've read online your 0/4 revives are replenished daily (a 24 hour cycle I assume). You get 4 lives a day, and every death afer the 4th is an instant mission fail. So 4 tries total across ALL missions you want to play (not 4 per mission, 4 TOTAL), then 1 try per mission attempt after that. Basically, if you want to play 10 missions today you get 4 revives (not 40) just 4...lol. The game lets you buy revive refills for money (currently priced at 12 platinum. You can buy 75 platinum for $5). I can't recommend a game that sells revives and forces players away. Why in the world the developers thought this was a good idea is beyond me. They are esentially forcing players to take a time out for 24 hours if they die too many times...and considering how punishing the game is towards melee I find this baffelling. (The melee combat is very fun and is the main reason I got into the game.) Why oh why would anyone force their player base to take a 24 hour break from their game boggles my mind. If they remove this mechanic I'll consider reinstalling the game. (I was also really looking forward to playing with the little mech and animal companions you can get.) Oh well, there are plenty of other games out there for me. Wouldn't surprise me if this game is completely dead in less then a year because of the revive system. Forcing your players away...that's a new one lol.
game-hours: 74.8
review: Really great art style and backstory. It's too bad the game's missions are so repetative and adds nothing to the narrative of the interesting universe they've created. The gameplay can be fun but you'll be doing the same over and over. Killing hundreds of grunt enemies and then the odd tougher boss.
game-hours: 77.3
review: one day i saw this game and had to download it and after playing for days on end i loved t the only thing i do not like is the pay to win and the bad muiltiplayer connection i have but i have to say grafix look amazing on low setting
game-hours: 901.3
review: I freaking love this game. The combat feels so satisfying when slicing an enemy in two or hitting a critical point on a Grineer's head. With a good amount of customisation, I'd definately recommend this game to anyone who likes creating their own characters and bases and brutal combat.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Never got to play it even after like 3 different updates because the launcher freezes.
game-hours: 460.9
review: great game get it or your a loser just download it and see the magic
game-hours: 25.0
review: so cool
game-hours: 1099.8
review: Yet another "Pay to not have to farm for a few weeks to get access to a major part of the videogame" *F2P* game. Besides this usual cancerous trope, Warframe is a definetly entertaining game, allowing for a high degree of both visual and playstyle customization, and offers countless of hours of content... if only for grinding levels on your equipment.
game-hours: 41.3
review: you want to play TESO and don't have money? play this game
game-hours: 3.6
review: I know I only spent 3 hours on the game, but trust when I say that this game isn't all its cracked up to be. And let me list down why: -There's no enemy variety. Every enemy looks the same. They also have the same strategy. Go to you and shoot. Most of them act as bullet sponges, and the easiest way to die is when they surround you. Sadly once you figure their tactic the game becomes child's play. -Even though there a different worlds to go to and complete missions almost all the worlds recycle the same levels. Just with different objectives. -The game looks TOO GENERIC. There's nothing in this game that stands out. Its your standard issue Sci-Fi aliens, characters and weapons. They don't look special. -Since the game is in Open Beta (if I'm not mistaken.) I noticed a bug that made me restart the game over and over, through the ALT+F4, cause the game just freezes. If not freezes my character just gets stuck for some reason, BUT I can still access the pause menu. -I also found co-op annoying. Since there is no proper matchmaking, the game tested my patience, and I gave up and I decided on playing the game Solo. -The missions all feel weak. There's nothing new or innovative that is brought up in game, instead we get AGAIN, standard generic missions, mainly: a) Kill Everyone, b) Kill the specific person, c) Save this person, d) Defend this location, Too name a few. -Free to Pay Elements. (Noticed I said Pay instead of Play, because I support F2P IF ITS DONE RIGHT, THIS ONE IS NOT. BECAUSE...) I noticed that most guns are locked off, while the guns that are unlocked are guns that require getting the premium currency, And any amount of grinding won't get you close to what you need. So they start adding paywalls, discretely. And maybe you could avoid them but that would allot a lot of... -GRINDING. YEP. GRINDING. Most levels are hard without the proper equipment, and to get the proper equipment you grind for XP (to unlock them) and Money (to buy them) OR YOU CAN PAY. But the game has atleast a few things good about it: +Graphics. +U.I. +Fast Load Times.
game-hours: 8.6
review: Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win Pay to win
game-hours: 21.2
review: Muito bom! Obrigado Fer0m0nas por teres mostrado este jogo :P
game-hours: 1.8
review: couldnt get past menu, yep 1.8 hours loading it up
game-hours: 1.5
review: Grind untill your bones are dust. Also the host problems are real-l-l-l-l Client timed out. Free to play ? Free to grind.
game-hours: 15.0
review: gonna download the game again something tells me (other than 5000000 other times i have tried) i will get update failed or failed to update hmmmm yeah #pls no
game-hours: 26.3
review: grinding the same thing over again with a pay to win model
game-hours: 4.0
review: Kappa
game-hours: 59.3
review: This game has good graphics, it's fun at the beggining. But the only problem is the grinding and "you can rank up once per day".
game-hours: 0.5
review: another fps wow please take all my money
game-hours: 251.7
review: Personally, I love this game. Space ninjas, magic, and mass murder is pretty damn great, However, it has some game breaking bugs that always coincide with events. I had a party bug that made me go solo always, which was no problem, but running a melee only interception is ridiculously difficult. If you're gonna hold an event, make sure that your game doesn't break during it. Seriously. Anyway, I have no other complaints because this game is amazing, but devs, I understand the weekend is your break, but the events usually start on Friday anyway. I really hate that. I really don't wanna play this game because it's gonna suck me into it again, and then break and I"ll be left scratching my head.
game-hours: 6.4
review: rheally ghood ghame
game-hours: 138.1
review: poopiest game of the year it took me 2 years to finally download it with my .02 download speed Kappa
game-hours: 655.4
review: There's literally only one problem of the game and it's based individually on each person. How far are you willing to go? After completing Weapon Mastery of over 60+ weapons, I can say that it is in fact based on what you're willing to do. The game-play does get repetitive after reaching your first mastery; however, people usually subside this repetitiveness by playing a different style, warframe, or using a different weapon. Dueling is another way, but in the end, I don't expect this game to go competitive where cash prizes may be concerned.
game-hours: 177.0
review: WARFRAME IS THE BEST GAME EVER GET IT NOW. but you still need to make an account =) it is awesome awesome awesome=) what i do is play heaps a heaps and when i get bored pay credits (in game) for a wepon blueprint,,, i start building, go to sleep and in the morning it is done,,,, most of the time,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, BUT IT IS AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 2.2
review: Fun game. Awsome graphics. enough said.
game-hours: 101.0
review: KLAKA LAKA TIKA TAKA TEN-NO
game-hours: 2.7
review: N*ggas play free.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Great on console, SUCKS ON PC! This is the first game I've played on PC that I actually find unplayable. It's so laggy, No other game does this for me.
game-hours: 2.6
review: This game is broken,all it says is corrupted files when loading the updates
game-hours: 0.2
review: go out from your house----------------------------.
game-hours: 27.2
review: Warframe is a great game and i suggest you get it
game-hours: 3.6
review: When I first downloaded this I thought, "Hey, samurai ninja's in space, and it's free, why not?" But after playing for a while, I found out the gameplay was EXTREMELY repetitive and got bored of that. And the gameplay isn't even what people focus on. They focus on racing to get items and not really shooting the enemies. This is a shorter review, but the gameplay gets boring after about 2 hours. Yes, I only have 3 hours because that's all it took for me to realize that these missions were the same thing over and over again. I give this a 3/10, the fun does NOT last long at all.
game-hours: 162.4
review: Taxi to the boss - REPEAT Unlock all planets. Farm plastides on Uranus (the planet, not your A$$)
game-hours: 862.0
review: Very grindy, and VERY addictive, but they're always adding new content. I guess it was fun, but I'm not really sure. Definitely addictive.
game-hours: 55.3
review: warframe is the best free to play game i have ever played plus with the graphics and some other cool stuff i would give this game 10 out of 1o so freaking amazing
game-hours: 9.3
review: Good story line, good graphic and good action
game-hours: 54.9
review: Ayy lmao
game-hours: 164.6
review: Much war, such frame
game-hours: 0.4
review: BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 50.4
review: all those cool people but when you can only play 3 unless u pay to this shet repetetive game srsly all levls are just reskins of the old ones ffs
game-hours: 3.5
review: Not a bad shooter but bad level / upgrade. Play the game and you'll see.
game-hours: 49.0
review: Stop wasting your time reading this review.... play the game
game-hours: 1.4
review: Is baaaaaaaad.
game-hours: 6.2
review: Pay to win a repetitive game for naught.. or dont pay and do the same thing over and over.. Fail!
game-hours: 96.9
review: This game sucks  and i ahte it and this perce of shir "stalker" keps fukin Fukin me in da asscheacks.
game-hours: 2.2
review: One glitch I had no mods and ordis kept talking and i was stuck! So this game is pretty bad
game-hours: 868.8
review: I was a alpha tester for this game also a Grand Master founder(and if you sit for like 2 hours you can see my name on Kappa) and I knew some of the devs ingame, The game just isnt good anymore.. It was a game of derping around having fun with friends as space ninjas then the addition to the Void happened and it became a game about grinding more grindy than WoW, Then PWE bought majority shares and now there is pay gates on the features of the game.. like meele for example. It is impossible to reach any sort of progress on this game without spending money on microtransactions and there is a lot of microtransations.. I would ask for a refund, but I know it would be refused
game-hours: 9.9
review: This game has good graphics but the gameplay is terrible... the missions are really generic and I don't consider it to be a good game. The game also updates every time you launch it and that gets old... overall a pretty crappy game...
game-hours: 7.4
review: this game looked awesome! up until the point where it was constantly bugged out saying it is trying to connect to a server for over an hour and after uninstalling it, and re installing it 2 times, and trying other methods to fix it, i came to the conclusion that  THIS GAME
game-hours: 343.5
review: IM THE NINJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 103.7
review: The game is great and you never need to spend any actual money, but if it has a problem support will never help you
game-hours: 186.3
review: Dis Game is FUN!!!!now if i go in and wanna change my windowed screen to Full it doesn't WORK And i could always played it in full screen but now if i change it,it gives me Black Screen il give dis game 9/10 maby if someone can help me il change my mind...
game-hours: 522.6
review: 0/10 not CoD - IGN
game-hours: 0.7
review: this game sux lol jk its ok 8/10
game-hours: 268.0
review: pay to win but if you can look past that and put in some time and effort it is an amazing game
game-hours: 118.7
review: good overall. the co-op is nice the game is fun to play, and whole mess of missions that you can play
game-hours: 260.1
review: This game is.. very unfriendly for new users, first few steps are easy to play. and looks like enjoyable. but after that, suddenly player need hard effort for game. fast reflexes, understanding of warframe, mod, and many things. if you finally got something know-how about this game, still game is too uncomfortable and stressful. repeat same mission over and over again for resources to make warframe, weapons.... and because of this too hard leveling, there is no new users to play regular. just oldbies who wanna new 'equinpment' update, not a new users. so, if you can't find a friends or clan in game, you must solo in every mission to unlock mission nod. that's very painful. and sometimes impossible for one user. eventually i don't recommend this game for new players who wanna fun with action game. and this game is not a fresh thing, it's old, almost 2 years. but still didn't change a basic problem, just updating new gear for oldbies like ventilator to dying man.
game-hours: 1.4
review: I played this game BEFORE Dota 2 because I thought it was such a big deal. But I have to say it suffers the same problem as Watch Dogs. Even the story of this game is unbelievebely boring and messed up. Well, it doesn't deserve to be compared with paid games but still, this game is a dissapointment.
game-hours: 4.2
review: Pay to win. Kind of disappointing
game-hours: 4.9
review: poo
game-hours: 492.4
review: Fun game. :) Rhino is Dope!
game-hours: 408.2
review: Ninjas Pay Fee
game-hours: 1029.1
review: As of writing, Warframe is post Update 13.2 Warframe has been an ever evolving game since becoming an open beta F2P game, and looks good even with low settings. Not many games out there give the player as much freedom of movement outside of sandbox games. Graphics uses the Evolution Engine that can be very much a powerhouse when settings are placed into the highest settings. The lighting is very vibrant and gives a certain shine that makes sparks and powers very visually extraordinary. Bloom can be overly done though, especially with a few moves. There may be some noticeable clippings in game, but these can be easily missed. In addition, there's a field of vision slider, remappable buttons, and controller support that can make the experience smoother. However, the in-game audio input can be a bit lacking in quality and may not pick up proper speeches. Also, the game is P2P, not on a dedicated server, so there may be lag depending on the host, but when things are at a low ping (which can be set as the search requirement), it can be buttery smooth. Gameplay is the highlight of the game, making it all very fast pace and satisfying to either be a solo ninja or in a small group going up against a small armada. Melee 2.0 as of Update 13 has made melee very visceral and impactful. The guns and frames have some small and big differences, making it a unique experience once more frames and guns are discovered and created. As a space ninja, one can wallrun, backflip, barrelroll, and even stealth takedowns. That being said, the opposition can be quite resourceful and relentless. There are enemies with toxic auras that make close combat very risky or long range snipers that can take out shields for the rest of the army to gun a player down. This is still a game that is PvE at heart though, so don't come expecting a huge PvP scene as the weapons and frames are not scaled for great PvP spectacles. However, what has to be addressed is the elephant in the room of the F2P model. Yes, this game can be a grind with the need to find materials and modules to improve your warframe, arsenal and/or consumables. There is a pay area that uses Platinum, however, this currency is tradable in game, so with good modules and parts, they can be traded for. However, some equipment and frames can be very costly, In addition, after gathering resources to build a frame or weapon, there's a waiting period for the item to be crafting, which can be rushed with platinum needed. There is no real reason to use platinum other than getting items quickly (without having to farm). Thus the warning is coming into this game, expect to spend a lot of time trying to find resources, modules, and leveling up the frames and equipment. All that being said, this game is very much worth the attention and playing with friends. Not many games out there can provide a fabulous sound design (like splitting enemies in half or headshots), very intriguing design, and visceral gameplay. And with constant improvements and additions, it is a still a great game to get into now.
game-hours: 489.5
review: This game starts off very promising and fun, but it eventually boils down to nothing more than retracing your steps over and over and over and over and over and over again. The drops are terrible, the combat gets really boring, and the entire game just feels really clunky. For a game that claimns to be centric to 'space-ninjas', there is nothing resembling ninjas at all, save for a few obsolete Frames/weapons. Did I mention how horribly slow and sluggish these 'ninjas' are? Chris Farley could catch them. If you like broken records, stale combat, or just like farming for hours on end, then Farmframe is for you.
game-hours: 62.8
review: repetitive grind
game-hours: 27.8
review: After playing this game for about 25 hours i came to the conclution that this game , despite looking very pretty and having a cool setting, this game is VERY repetitive even the different mission types feel all too similar. the levels consist of; Metalic space ship, ice planet / metallic space ship like base, and metallic space ship with starnge alien infection inside. And even with the different types of enemies even the enemies tactics stay the same, they run at you with fists out or they shoot at you while sustaining about 10 meters distance. even though the game is well optimised the games graphics feel like they are just there to make your pc work a little, the games flashy use of nvidia physx is quite over the top when even your bullets hitting the ground will create both sparks AND a puff of smoke "pwetty gwaphics" well describes the levels. the abilities work in a card collection style system where you use up points t gain attributes. The games has a fairly large weapon roster but all the weapons take a very long time to aquire if you dont feel like using the microtransactions system. It took around 5 hours just to unlock a second dual pistol which left me feeling rather pathetic when a donator comes along with a large bow and thousands of sparks flying everywhere. There is a system where you can build weapons using "forge" but it can take 24 hours to build a basic shotgun.the poorly named shotgun called "strun" brings me to the names of the game, ths game has rather poorly named equipment such as the "lato" pistol and the "aklato" dual pistols. quite poorly named if you ask me. dispite these previously mentioned flaws the game has, the games is very well polished and i only encountered 1 glich in my playtime where a grineer ragdoll kinda flew away after being shot. The final verdict for this game is 6/10 thanks for reading! by: generation gaming's Joe blackman
game-hours: 3.2
review: [1.5/10] I tried to play, but the AI are stupid beyond belief and all the combat is the same
game-hours: 48.3
review: I dont see what is so fun about this game. It is well made and great looking, the developers are active in expanding and improving it, and its a very popular game on steam. Even so... its boring. Its fun at first and every now and then but each mission is almost the same with similar level builds and same enemies each time. Warframes and powers are cool but eventually their colors fade and it goes back to the same old grind. Maybe its just me but I think its repetativeness is boring but hey its a free game. No harm in giving it a try for yourself.
game-hours: 33.7
review: Gradually removing all non-P2W gameplay elements is not jolly.
game-hours: 7.2
review: Insanly expensive pay to win. Nice grapic's but not worth the money or time investment.
game-hours: 42.8
review: This game is absolutely beautiful and extremely exciting. Then a 20 hours later it's the same thing on repeat as the difficultly slowly disappears completely.
game-hours: 2.1
review: Graphical quality undeniable but honestly disapointing The most repetitive game ever seen... too long and boring but big vent though 4/10
game-hours: 14.5
review: There's way too much grind for too little reward in this game. Only play if you either like repeating the same thing over and over, or have the money to shill out for every item you want.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Of the bit that I've played, I can't personally recommed this game. To me, it seems rather shallow and relies a bit too much on multiplayer mechanics. I find the combat to be quite shallow, thus having only about an hour and a half into the game. If the later game is much better, thats unfortunate because I will never reach it. You should never have to spend 20 hours to get to the good part, the game should always be in the good part. I'd stick away from this one, although it is free to play. So you might as well give it a try, to see if you enjoy it.
game-hours: 28.8
review: its like a christmas present your like "oh this is a really nice looking present" and then you open it.......WHAT THE F*** IS THIS S*** WHEN DID I EVER F***ING SAY I WANTED THIS!?!?!?!?!?! also how the f*** does one do a whole mission then get killed by 1 F***ING SOLDIER WHO I HAD KILLED BUT HE WAS STILL WALKING, HOW, IF THIS GAME IS SO GREAT WHY DOES IT HAVE SO MANY GOD D*** BUGS!?!?!?! EXPLAIN THIS S***
game-hours: 14.6
review: This game keeps on crashing go FIX IT
game-hours: 1.6
review: really good reviews for this piece of  this game sucks i cant belvie people play this  tf2 and cod are best this game ing sucks
game-hours: 1.6
review: Monotonous, boring, bad animations, only good thing about this game are explotions.
game-hours: 658.3
review: Grind Frame. Just say no. But seriously, I played this game more than a few hours and the infinite power creep is mind numbing. Grind, grind, grind to get a new gun or frame to grind, grind, grind, to max out and rank up and then grind, grind, grind to get the next frame or gun. Would not do again.
game-hours: 0.8
review: The iest shooter game IN THE WORLD.
game-hours: 3.8
review: I have never taken time to review a game but I had to make an exception for this. This is literally and without exaggeration the most boring and monotonous game I have ever played in my life. Here how you play. Walk through a corridor to find the button to open the door to the next corridor to get to the end of the level. Sometimes there will be two buttons and you will require the presence of another player. A random online player will appear in your game out of nowhere to achieve this and then you can go about ignoring each other. Enemies without AI will shoot at you from the side lines while you ignore them and continue on finding more buttons to open more corridors. - Environments are bland and unchanging. I'm not sure what my environment was supposed to be, but it looked like an abandoned warehouse labyrinth. The main features are long corridors between store rooms with a terminal operated door on each end, repeated ad nauseam. In space. I have not seen level design this bad before. - Enemies are indistinct drones who do nothing interesting but stand on the spot and wait for death whilst very slowly shooting peas at you. I had to deliberately stand still in packs of them to find what it would take to kill me. - The sword doesn't actually cut, it seems to just do damage points. You have to press E to "cut the enemy in half" about 5 times to do enough damage points to kill them, while they shoot you at point blank, doing of course, no damage. - I don't know what my character was supposed to be doing or why, other than opening doors to more doors. I hope I never find out because I'm sure it will make the game even worse. I'm afraid I've actually made the game sound far better than it is, so whatever good impression you get from that, divide it by 50. If you have played games before there will be nothing new here for you. If you are a mindless drone you might be able to use this game to fill the time between now and your death as blandly as possible. Score: 2/100
game-hours: 9.6
review: First of all i cant play the game, i need admin permissions to run the game.. which i dont have. (team fortress 2, dota 2, war thunder, ghost recon phantoms, etc. work witout any permissions.) please make it work, i know im not the only one with this problem so please fix.
game-hours: 378.9
review: I have fun till it start update, warframe's updating process is really a pain in , and each time the only difference is always from 'bugframe' 1x.10 become 'bugframe' 1x.20. so yeah, why not give a negetive as it make itself unplayable.
game-hours: 35.3
review: Edit: BEFORE I say anything, let me tell you the raw gameplay is cool, concept outstanding, very fun, but uh... This game WOULD be cool, but the Pay 2 Win feature completly slaughters any chance of any progress. Yes, the first missions are easy and whatnot, but after I got the Rhino blueprints after grinding the second boss, I started to see that crafting was pretty much the only way to get anything without having to pay.You also have to grind the crap out of everything to get what you want, and I'm pretty sure NO ONE wants that. Speaking of grinding, almost everything craftable in the game requires an orokin cell. Said orokin cells, are not found untill Saturn and are not easy to obtain. Which completly sucks considering everything from a low level pisol to the best warframes require one. The reason this is, which is probably really obvious, is because they want you to buy platinum(premium currency) and then buy what you want, therefore having you spend real world money and making Digital Extremes(developers) profit more. This also ENCOURAGES them to keep the P2W feature. Basically, to sum it up, this game has the LARGEST P2W stores I have ever seen. It ruins the game. P2W should not exist, especially in this game where your supposed to feel cool and ninja-like. But the second you join someone else's game, you realize they have Rhino Prime, and some of the most cool but confusing weapons you've ever seen. Then you feel poor and useless. In one sentence, GET THE FFFFFFFFFUDGE OUT OF OUR GAME P2W!
game-hours: 104.6
review: Fun shooter f2p with loads of customization and different characters, which makes me sad its so hard to get anything and even the color pallets is paid for in real $ all I got are stupid standard colors. Apart from that this game has a lot of potential although bugs and lags that ruins it most of the time. I meant to recommend this game and ended up bashing it....
game-hours: 36.4
review: It feel very unpolish with rubblish netcode.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Nope... Sorry. Not Addictive And Very Repeatitive!
game-hours: 105.4
review: no ing pvp
game-hours: 506.9
review: Firstly: IT'S FREE! TRY IT YOURSELF! You'll find that the game gets very repetitive quickly. I've put about 300 hours into this game in total, 129 on the Steam version. The game is grinding from the first mission. Leveling up the mastery rank to unlock weapons or grinding to collect resources which are needed to craft Weapons, new Warframes, and Sentinels. You'll then have to farm mods to make your equipment worth something. Then once the weapons have been crafted; you'll end up having to wait 12-24 hours for that weapon to build and with Clan Tech weapons, it could take upwards to a weak. After that, if you find out that you actually enjoy the game; you'll find yourself needing Platinum to collect more Warframes, Weapons, and Sentinels. However now with the trading system, platinum can be aquired for free given you find willing customers. Now that the main negatives are done the positives: Beautiful Graphics Relatively friendly and helpful community Events occur often Good support with patches New content often Warframes are unique with several being exceptions ( As new Warframes are added, older ones get nerfed. For example: Volt was one of the first Warframes and he was for sometime, the main Warframe that did damage. When Nova was unlocked she became the primary damage dealer and Volt got nerfed to make her more of a choice. Now, in Update 11.5 Nova was nerfed to make Oberon and usefull choice. ) Enemies are challenging, in the start. The game isn't bad as in it's full of flaws. It's bad as in it is extremely repetitive, it gets to be alot of grinding.
game-hours: 0.5
review: No no no, no no, no no no no no no. I played a little bit of it, really pathetic story line. Stupid third person play, lighting sucks.
game-hours: 5.5
review: Iz
game-hours: 8.4
review: i hate this game and i hate videogames
game-hours: 1532.7
review: It's been already 1 year since game is out & it's still beta... DE are obsessed with changes & can't leave the damn game without changes all the time. What else... Game is pretty boring & repetitive & it should be called Bugframe instead of Warframe, cause it got lots of bugs.
game-hours: 35.5
review: Wareframe could have been a great game, if it wasnt impossible to progress without spending copious amounts of real money just to stay alive each mission. I would give this game a favourable review if they kept whats meant to be 'free to play', truly free to play. Make your money with bonuses and speedups and so on, but atleast make it possible to play the game without spending money, like your genre so blatantly lies about.
game-hours: 31.2
review: 1 new weapon after 30 hours too grindy
game-hours: 48.0
review: too much pay to win im sorry i dont recommend you to play this
game-hours: 2.7
review: To repetative for me!!
game-hours: 34.2
review: wow just wow
game-hours: 4.0
review: By far, this game is worst game i've ever played. EVER. This game was so bad that I felt bad for my computer having used my SSD to house the files. Simply atrocious. If I had to choose between a bullet to the head or playing this game, i would vhoose the bulltet every time. This game has cursed my gaming experience to the point where I didnt even want to play another game. If you value your life and the lives of your friends and family, please, I beg of you dont even mention this game to them. Please, save your life and be a hero, never play this game, never look at this game, never even talk about this game aside of this review. Please do the right thing. Please.
game-hours: 7.8
review: I am impressed that they managed to make a game about space ninjas boring. Grind grind grind until your bitter husk of an existence is over and you should be rewarded with some high damage items at least, not some  space larping axe and a nerf gun.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Poorly executed. A BRINK but much much worse. Awful campaign, awful graphics, awful multiplayer. However if you would prefer a fps Alien Swarm, this load of garbage is for you. Do not waste your time and money on this free to play. It's free for a reason.
game-hours: 20.6
review: THIS  GIVES ME GASTROINTESTINAL IRRITATION!
game-hours: 0.6
review: Its  game if you like  yes play this game of
game-hours: 30.4
review: Linear, monotonous and boring game with lots of donations.
game-hours: 631.5
review: Edit: This game is being aquired by PWE, avoid at all costs Don't bother with this game. It'd dead in the water, no one told the new players is all. The devs are not transparent at all, and will change things without even putting patch notes up, and even when they do they leave out 50% of what they actually change. On top of that, they listen to the PvP community [reported around 10% of the community] and are trying to shoehorn in PvP as the main staple of a PvE game. On top of that, balance doesn't exist; Depending on the dev's mood, one 'class' will be the most powerful, and only viable class, while all others get serever nerfs [See Trinity, the healer that can't heal.], and only a handful of weapons, gated behind a grind or pay wall, are viable beyond the starting area. The devs ahve come out and said that they purposfully only want certaint [classes] and weapons to be viable, making a teired system which leads to everyone having the same build. Lastly, changes to the game are wild and almost damning. And example, they updated the boss system so that, instead of being at a fixed level as they were before, bosses now scale depending on your level, and will always be higher level than you. Health, Armor [% damage reduction], and damage are all tied to Level with enemies, thus the higher the level, the more of the above said enemy will have. Bosses can break the level cap of 100 due to the new system, mechanically making them impossable to beat, and requiring missions to be abandoned. This game is in it's death throws, and the devs have resorted to nickling and diming the playerbase, and openly admit it. Don't bother spending money or time on this, it's going to be dead before it 'launches'.
game-hours: 2.1
review: game./ very repetitive and lacks any thing to come back and play it unless your the type of person who likes to grind soo much just to get a sutpid skin or weapon and grag about it.
game-hours: 3.9
review: Yeaaaaah I dont know what the fus about with this game.... How come it got so high rating ??? This game is just not interesting. you go around shooting and killing thing and do it all over again. Theres nothing unique about this game... High boring factor. If you wanna pass a few lazy hours killing stuff with no purpose this is for you. Ther game can be challanging thoe. A , lazy made 3rd perrson shooter, you can slice, shoot, and jump.... so what? the character have no chracter, nothing to pull you in, just jumping and shooting, and shooting and jumping. boring....... try it out, dont waste any money on it. i give it 5/10 BORING.
game-hours: 8.4
review: very good game try it if you can very worth it
game-hours: 0.4
review: poopoo
game-hours: 102.5
review: It'd be fun, if it wasn't such a ravenous money-suck.
game-hours: 2.9
review: this game sucks, way too much grinding...bad new player intro
game-hours: 0.4
review: Garbage controls
game-hours: 12.6
review: Good graphics, but the free to play model ruins it. Also I LOVE the physx effects, I've never wanted to explode so many barrels in my life! If you have a radeon cards its no biggie, but you'll be missing out on a lot of pretty little particle effects like the 4th of july!
game-hours: 108.9
review: man this game is like i robot with will smith, Exept there no will smith!!!1! what is this ? shark tales?
game-hours: 26.4
review: I can't pass the quest called "Obtain the Mercury Nav Segment" It's not just me... a lot of players have the same problem but in the hotfix is "fixed". I can't play now....
game-hours: 163.6
review: Gently he brought his fingers up against her thigh, squirming softly from his touch, her breathing rate increased and it was obvious to him. He leaned forward, pressing his faceplate against hers as if it was a kiss, she's surprised by his advancements and pushes him back. "I- I don't think we should..." she says, but her body wants to, her temperature was rising as did her desires. "Why not? I'll just start out as static, then maybe a little... shock." a spark flared out of his fingers as he grabbed her inner thighs. "No... Volt... S-stop..." Ember arched her back against the locker, ignoring her pleas Volt presses himself against her, his codpiece between her legs now, "Why are you doing this? W-what if Lotus finds out?" her faceplate was now red from embarrassment and the urge to give in to the Tenno's electrifying touch. "I just can't resist these." Volt kneels down and sexually massages her legs, "These extra. Spicy. Drumsticks." the horn of his faceplate pressed against her crotch as he rubbed his face against her thighs, her hands holding his head, pushing him back and pulling him in closer, a struggle began in her.
game-hours: 4.5
review: e in 3 persona , si possono fare le missioni in single player o in multigiocatore per essere un free to play(shop presente ovvio) non e male
game-hours: 318.5
review: At a time when many Free-to-play games feature very unfair monetization, Warframe is a breath of fresh air. Firstly, it is one of the best looking F2P titles I have ever seen. Secondly, the combat system is very enjoyable and the community is VERY active. Thirdly and most importantly, the monetization is very fair in this game. You can easily work towards building ANY weapons in the game by sinking time into it or simply by purchasing it through the store. However, compared to games like Planetside 2, gaining weapons and frames without spending money is a very feasible way to progress in the game. I would suggest supporting these developers - you can tell they love what they do. I highly reccomend this to anybody. CONS: Graphically demanding (but very well optimized).
game-hours: 269.8
review: It's an amazing game, ultimately flawed for many either due to it's lack of PVP for some and repetitive item grinding nature. If you can look over those two issues that some will have, you will have an outstanding game with ninja's flipping of walls throwing elemental force powers while, with steady upgrades from a determined developer the game is well supported. It's pricing model is a little rough, however there is a daily login reward which after consistent daily activity you have the chance of a 75% off the purchase of currency, then everything is good with the model.
game-hours: 47.7
review: good
game-hours: 283.2
review: why i update warframe still 0% =.=
game-hours: 25.2
review: sexy
game-hours: 825.8
review: Sleek Coding 10/10
game-hours: 720.7
review: Best Game in Steam :3
game-hours: 668.7
review: Warframe was becoming a dissapointing grindfest but with the new added quest system, new tilesets and by loosing the bonds of RNG it has redeemed itself. It's still by not any means perfect but beats Destiny in most aspects. It's also free and stays as it if you know what you are doing.
game-hours: 0.3
review: This game sucks
game-hours: 2.4
review: N!ce looking game, Great graphics for a FREE to play game but as I always say FREE to play does not necessarily mean FREE as there is always a catch ie, Buying DLC packs at a greater expense than a AAA top of the table Game that you would on average pay 30.00 for. But there is always one FREE to play out of them all that will be worth installing and playing without actually purchasing all the expensive add-ons that one needs to win or play most of the time. This Game is one of those FREE to play exemptions... Worth downloading and playing even just for killing some time with nice Graphics :)
game-hours: 220.5
review: For a Free To Play Shooter, this game is incredible! Don't look at that 66 out of 100 Metascore and say to yourself that this game is going to be bad, because the gameplay in this is very well done, even though you are pretty much killing the Human Race and other Alien Species. Many people who may have played Mass Effect should be settled very quickly into this game as well, but if you are not a Mass Effect player you should get into the combat system very easily anyway. The only negative thing I can really think of is the recycled maps for different planets, Mars would look like Pluto, which is strange since Mars is the Red Planet, usually this is patched every update though so there is more variaty to the planets. Another good thing is that Microtransactions arn't compulsary in this game, most things you can buy with Platinum (Bought Currency) you can earn by earning Credits (In-Game Curreny), it justs takes a bit more time. Overall I think this is a great Shooter, maybe if this was proper paid game, it may not be worth it, but for Free, this is Awesome. 8 Out Of 10 Kubrows ;)
game-hours: 20.7
review: This game is absolute garbage I once pooped out a better game and my boi Alen played it for over 3 hours. That is an acheivment onm its own.
game-hours: 3.8
review: first time i tryed it didnt except my account
game-hours: 1.1
review: It's alright...
game-hours: 85.0
review: imagine starting in a world where your a space ninja and you get your very first weapons the kunai, the pairis and the boe. but here the catch it's mk1 the worst teir of weapons you can possible get in the game. but the tutorial makes your weapons look actually good. but later on when your play like 2 or 3 mission to realize that you've ing forced to either buy completely over priced in game currency or spend 14 entire hours of your life grinding for a bloody secondary pistol. my friend keeps telling me that each level is different but seriosly it spawns you into area where 2 thirds of the doors are locked and that makes me think why not place a wall there instead of a locked door that cant be opened and here the thing the can add more room but DE are just lazy people that just dont and what i mean about they can, i mean you can build a dojo and keep expanding untill your wallet is empty from the hundreads of dollars you just put into your steam wallet to bloody keep your virtral pet alive. and get this they charge money for colour pallets, so you have to give DE more money to suit your colour combination. my final thing i want to say about warframe that it's way too repetitive. overall its easy to become boring and in my opinion not worth trying
game-hours: 1.2
review: El terribles
game-hours: 1.5
review: Why I'm downvoting this game. I'll try to explain my expirence as best as I can. If I get the problem resolved I'll reconsider my review Discovered this game from a video on xbox live. I preferr playing PC and pretty much let my console collect dust. So out of curiousity I checked here on steam and SWEEAT! It's here AND free to play. -Installed the game - the install was rather quick, no complaints. -created an account -Got into the game and selected the first build (one on the left) and continued. Watched a intro, kinda cool if a tab bit too much camera shake (just an opinion tho) -everything is going good, stopped for a second to check display setting. [changed to 1920x1080, enabled V-sync, Toggled Full Screen mode on -almost at the extraction point now and the game freezes. (sound effects continue but screen is locked) Really wanting to play this game so I tried again -Preceded to do everythign listed above -game froze AGAIN during the intro I could not skip -had to Alt+F4 to quit again REAAALY want to play this game so I try again -Logged in (noticed no game settings on start screen) odd and kinda annoying considering my porbelm -managed to get past intro and kill first set on enemies -CHANGE ALL SETTING BACK TO THE WAY THEY WERE -game freezes shortly after I watched that intro what 4-5 times now? I use Windoes 8.1 and my card is GeForce GTX 650ti... if anyone knows what I need to do would love to try this game, otherwise, its broken (obviously just for me)
game-hours: 1.0
review: I'm sure it gets better later. (but i'll never find out.)
game-hours: 23.1
review: Warframe is the pay 2 win grind fest brought to a futuristic ninja world. Especially the grind fest part. Interface is also really confusing too.
game-hours: 25.1
review: peice of  game didnt give me my nano spores after doing a mission, not worth the time. Way too many redundant time barriers to try and make you spend money on it.
game-hours: 16.2
review: This game is the best game i ever played the graphics is fantastic and the slash with the blood ohhh this game good ^0^
game-hours: 155.0
review: Game is hard to get into but if you hook onto it you can play it for hours without a break. If you enjoy grinding games this could be a great game for you. And it isn't really pay to win since most items can be farmed up quickly and the only use for platinum would be trading for prime parts or speeding up the crafting process.
game-hours: 547.7
review: lots of crashes. stopped working for me at some point, cant login, connection times out all the time. .nice to play for 1-2 weeks, then boring repeating grind
game-hours: 101.8
review: nINJAS IN SPACE . all content is unlockable with time and TEamwork with each warframe unique taking time to master. armed with various swords , axes, pistols , and rifles , offering hours of ending modding and character costimization. at the end of the day its a free to play. and with that youre left with a free to play feel . overall : 7 / 10
game-hours: 1191.5
review: e UI redesigns and constant bugs that dont ever seem to be fixed. its a complete pay-to-suck player base with few pugs worth friending. the game would be AMAZING if theyd just do things differently...stop changing the UI to be "shiny" fix the current UI bugs *unable to see the market/foundry due to the character being in the middle of it, un able to click and interact with UI* imma stop right there....i dont care anymore....
game-hours: 332.0
review: Had I reviewed this game any earlier, I would recommend it, but the devs are killing the game, and it's awful now. Stay away, it will only get worse from here.
game-hours: 109.3
review: game ripped off destiny
game-hours: 159.3
review: Even though I'm not that good at this game, I still enjoy it. The survival, the stealth, the missions in-general! It's all so perfect and it fits this world which was created. AND! It's free! This Warframe LOOKS beautiful and the gameplay is fluent, the parkour element can be irritating yet it still works when you use it correctly. However, most say this game is P2W -- I respectfully disagree, as some items you can pay for, you can simply craft the items when you have a blueprint, I found a Banshee Chassis and Paris bow blueprints, which is pretty good. The Tenno you can play as add a whole new, not very complex but again, extremely fluent gameplay. You can go to the very well balanced Excalibur, the first. Electrocute your enemies with Volt, fry them -- LITERALLY! You can also crush your enemies with Mag, again -- quite literally. Ram through a barrage of Grineer with Rhino! Turn invisible and move behind your enemies with an advantage, create a energy created duplicate of yourself to distract enemies to get an advantage as Loki! These are five Tenno from many more, it's extremely lovely to have so many options but that can irritate you also, you always must think about what Tenno is good for what! Excalibur is a mostly all-round Tenno, Rhino -- I would say is pretty offense to me, there are so many options it's amazing. I would actually never think to remove this game or decide not to play it, I give it a 9/10 with a seal of badassery, a must own game. Get it.
game-hours: 4.3
review: this game crashed by windows 7 every time now i have a virus in my computer thanks a lot WARFRAME.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Update is everyday . WTF!!!!!!.
game-hours: 17.7
review: Absolute .
game-hours: 1.2
review: El terribles
game-hours: 1.5
review: Why I'm downvoting this game. I'll try to explain my expirence as best as I can. If I get the problem resolved I'll reconsider my review Discovered this game from a video on xbox live. I preferr playing PC and pretty much let my console collect dust. So out of curiousity I checked here on steam and SWEEAT! It's here AND free to play. -Installed the game - the install was rather quick, no complaints. -created an account -Got into the game and selected the first build (one on the left) and continued. Watched a intro, kinda cool if a tab bit too much camera shake (just an opinion tho) -everything is going good, stopped for a second to check display setting. [changed to 1920x1080, enabled V-sync, Toggled Full Screen mode on -almost at the extraction point now and the game freezes. (sound effects continue but screen is locked) Really wanting to play this game so I tried again -Preceded to do everythign listed above -game froze AGAIN during the intro I could not skip -had to Alt+F4 to quit again REAAALY want to play this game so I try again -Logged in (noticed no game settings on start screen) odd and kinda annoying considering my porbelm -managed to get past intro and kill first set on enemies -CHANGE ALL SETTING BACK TO THE WAY THEY WERE -game freezes shortly after I watched that intro what 4-5 times now? I use Windoes 8.1 and my card is GeForce GTX 650ti... if anyone knows what I need to do would love to try this game, otherwise, its broken (obviously just for me)
game-hours: 1.0
review: I'm sure it gets better later. (but i'll never find out.)
game-hours: 1.6
review: this is a really good game . . . . . . . . . .,`. . .`'.. . . . . . . . . . .,. . . . . .~ .`- . . . . . . . . . . ,'. . . . . . . .o. .o__ . . . . . . . . _l. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . _. '`~-.. . . . . . . . . .,' . . . . . . .,. .,.-~-.' -., . . . ..'~` . . . . . . /. ./. . . . .}. .` -..,/ . . . . . /. ,'___. . : /. . . . . . . . . . /'`-.l. . . `'-. .'........ . . . . . ;. . . . . . . . . . . . .)-.....l . . .l. . . . .'  ........-'. . . ,' . . .',. . ,...... . . . . . . . . . .,' . . . .' ,/. . . . `,. . . . . . . ,'_____ . . . . . . . . . . .. . . .,.- '_______|_') . . . . . ',. . . . . ',-~'`. (.)) . . . . . .l. . . . . ;. . . /__ . . . . . /. . . . . /__. . . . .) . . . . . '-.. . . . . . .) . . . . . . .' - .. .....-`\
game-hours: 8.5
review: Just another pay-to-win wrapped in a pretty package. The main character(s)/playstyle is a complete ripoff of the Ninja Cyborg characters from the Metal Gear Solid series. The missions are mind-bogglingly repetitive, resulting in a continuous grindfest. And ultimately (as expected with almost every F2P out there), if you want the best and coolest gear, you have to pay. But you'll keep on grinding - no escape from that.
game-hours: 864.9
review: Devs stop caring about the game at this point, just trying to money and releasing terrible weapons and content. In my honest opinion dont play this game, its a waste of everyone life. The early days of this game were the highlight of building their fan base and where the majority of possitive reviews are formed. Ask many of those people now and the game is now what is was and slowly fell. Do not play this game. The community is now terrible and doesnt exist.
game-hours: 17.4
review: Pros: Free to play Fun to play through the first 3 missions. Cons: Pay to play weapons/gear
game-hours: 1468.8
review: Don't get me wrong. This game is awesome in many ways, but the the system seems to rely to much on players paying money in order to get the "full experience" of warframe. The gameplay is great, giving you many options in terms of combat flexibility, the graphics are nice too, with a beautiful motion blur and depth of field effect. The visual style is very focused, giving the game a clean feel. So, no problem with the game. Now here comes my real issue. The paywalls. Do you want to ressurect after dying? Buy platnum. Want extra colors? 5.00 USD. (Or more, I forget.) Want weapons without crafting them? Up to $20.00. Want a new warframe? Buy one for 40.00. Forty. Dollars. I could buy extra characters in other games for less then FIVE. This game seems to be very, very harsh toward solo players who don't like paying money. In spite of this, the game's still very nice, in spite of some buggy mechanics here and there. The experience is ruined by the paywalls for me, however. So that being said, I would not recommend this game until they have the common sense to stop the lavicious greed seething behind this game, or at least lower the price of their "platnum".
game-hours: 2.6
review: 99% of the time I didn't know what I was doing and is only shooting nothing else I give it a 3/10 Also needs more nude characters or not because they're all aliens...
game-hours: 250.6
review: cool hra skusteto a rosekej te nejaky ty vojaky a nemuete ct e je to hruza kdy steto teba neskusili :) :D
game-hours: 341.8
review: Its all fun, gets bit repetitive but enjoyable...and then limited frame slots. No.
game-hours: 1.1
review: to laggy tried it on two computers and used my sisters internet
game-hours: 18.1
review: When I click play, nothing happens. And when I try to exit Steam, it says close Warframe be4 exiting WTH ITS NOT EVEN ON.
game-hours: 1.1
review: l go a head get but l not a big fun l givee it a 5.9
game-hours: 1468.8
review: Don't get me wrong. This game is awesome in many ways, but the the system seems to rely to much on players paying money in order to get the "full experience" of warframe. The gameplay is great, giving you many options in terms of combat flexibility, the graphics are nice too, with a beautiful motion blur and depth of field effect. The visual style is very focused, giving the game a clean feel. So, no problem with the game. Now here comes my real issue. The paywalls. Do you want to ressurect after dying? Buy platnum. Want extra colors? 5.00 USD. (Or more, I forget.) Want weapons without crafting them? Up to $20.00. Want a new warframe? Buy one for 40.00. Forty. Dollars. I could buy extra characters in other games for less then FIVE. This game seems to be very, very harsh toward solo players who don't like paying money. In spite of this, the game's still very nice, in spite of some buggy mechanics here and there. The experience is ruined by the paywalls for me, however. So that being said, I would not recommend this game until they have the common sense to stop the lavicious greed seething behind this game, or at least lower the price of their "platnum".
game-hours: 0.2
review: NO!
game-hours: 660.7
review: Warframe is a rpg-shooter in a sci-fi space scenario. The player can choose between different forms called "Warframes" with special abilities. While a warframe can be equipped with mods (attribute enhancements) the player can chose between dozens of weapons for ranged and melee combat. The difficulty of Warframe is very low. New players have a hard time but after the first 30-50 hours of gameplay the game becomes very easy and repetitive. There are no rewards for mastering a missions in a short time or suriving very long. Endgame doesn't exist because it is not rewarded by any means. The overall financial strategy of this game is to restrict items by one-time events, forcing people to trade them for real money. This includes more powerfull mods and weapons. While this concept works well for people who have no real life schedule, it doesn't work for casual gamers.
game-hours: 2.3
review: its good but not better than minecraft
game-hours: 6.3
review: ME LIKEEEE 10/10 ign
game-hours: 6.3
review: ME LIKEEEE 10/10 ign
game-hours: 85.9
review: matt sux
game-hours: 0.9
review: Expected this to be a multiplayer pvp game but it's just a bad remake of DC Universe
game-hours: 129.8
review: A fun solo or 4 player missions need some friends to play with me on this and still think its free
game-hours: 2.6
review: 99% of the time I didn't know what I was doing and is only shooting nothing else I give it a 3/10 Also needs more nude characters or not because they're all aliens...
game-hours: 3.5
review: It was fun but I felt that the gameplay was repeditive and it was the same thing every level. It was good for a free game though.
game-hours: 1.6
review: boring
game-hours: 1.6
review: worst game ive ever played you play as some tiny little monkey is it too hard to ask to play as myself i want to play as some jacked guido from the east side but  me right no these chimps need to learn how to design a game
game-hours: 9.1
review: Urg... This game is pure garbage... Free to play? More like Free to be a f2p noob.
game-hours: 5.8
review: After playing MGRR and this MGR has the Better melee combat. 0/10 would not shoot
game-hours: 5.8
review: After playing MGRR and this MGR has the Better melee combat. 0/10 would not shoot
game-hours: 481.2
review: Became founder and played almost 500 hours. Game turned wierd and devs made decisions I couldnt support. Would not found again or play almost 500 hours. Souce: Founder who played almost 500 hours.
game-hours: 458.8
review: Grindfest!!! Grindfest!!! Grindfest!!! Two questions first, Did u ever heard in any game that for making a resource which is used to level up a weapon or a suit (Warframe) u have to wait to for 1 ####ing day???????????? No. This game does. I can wait for a whole day for a weapon or 3 days for a warframe but a whole day for forma...Not Cool!!!!! Did u ever heard in any game that after applying that resource to a weapon or suit for upgrading u have to relevel it from the start??????????????? No. This game does. You would be thinking that it is fairly easy to level it up again because it's upgraded, but trust me it will take you sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo long to do so..... Now i am not saying this game is bad, actually it is better than some other online games in steam but the "Grind" BOY OH BOY!!!!!!! Last but not least---->>>>> It will take u a year to make a latron or boltor prime without money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 20.4
review: No, I do not want to bind my Warframe account to the Steam Economy EVERY ING TIME I log in.
game-hours: 51.0
review: MY ONLY PROBLEM is that you can be lvl 20 in everything and get WRECKED by lvl 3's if you're not careful. Unrealistic
game-hours: 63.4
review: DOGSHIT
game-hours: 0.9
review: The game was to laggy to play on my computer even though it passes all of the requirements that are needed.
game-hours: 5.6
review: i dont like this game because it needs PVP then ill play :)
game-hours: 698.7
review: it's okay
game-hours: 2096.4
review: Sleekest of coding
game-hours: 0.2
review: i tried the beta and it looked VERY COMPLICATED. for one, the controls are garbage second the trailer made the game look ay better than it is. i know all games do that but this game made it look WAY TO GOOD and third the purchases SERIOUSLY 19.99 for the first pack, 39.99 for the STARTER PACK, and the most expensive thing in this game, 99.99 for a tenno pack. SERRIOUSLY
game-hours: 30.0
review: there is no sniping in this game unless you pay with real money. is lame.
game-hours: 2.2
review: What is this game about.. please give me some clue. Ive played for 2 hrs and still don't know why I am fighting the "bad guy" that just yelling and screaming about nothing.
game-hours: 6.9
review: buggy as hell
game-hours: 1.2
review: E un RAHAT PE PRESHU TUTUROR
game-hours: 0.3
review: Crashed three times in less than 30 minutes and a friend of mine had the same problem, not sure if it was that fast for him or not but either way I think this game is bad. Needs to be fixed before I try it again.
game-hours: 6.3
review: It's too repetitive and pay to win for my taste. However, the graphics are good and the gameplay is solid.
game-hours: 2.5
review: Boo need money to respawn
game-hours: 6.3
review: garbage
game-hours: 4.5
review: Gets VERY boring after a while and you cant get past the third mission without dying atleast twice.
game-hours: 4.5
review: Gets VERY boring after a while and you cant get past the third mission without dying atleast twice.
game-hours: 17.8
review: give me ingame money
game-hours: 1.7
review: cnt load game takes forever to get on stuck on same screen all day just terible
game-hours: 1.8
review: game, a lot of glitches and boring as . Don't even bother with this one, I rather watch all episodes of  ass One Piece in a single sit than play this.
game-hours: 31.3
review: fast fast fast
game-hours: 0.6
review: WASTE OF TIME. DONT DOWNLOAD THE GAME IF YOU HAVE WINDOWS PC IT DOES NOT WORK! I HAVE A POWERFUL GAMING PC TOO. THIS GAME SUCKS DONT DOWNLOAD IT. WASTE OF 3 HOURS OF MY LIFE.
game-hours: 149.6
review: Don't ever pay for 'Free 2 play' game again. It is subject to change. This is my warning to you. I spent three figures real money supporting this game, buying things on the Market provided for 'in-game' currency known as Plat to support this company. In the end, the Devs only cater to whinging children who cry nerf over support roles implement by devs to support the team. That's right, people are whinging that a support role is supporting to well against NPCS. So now after spending all that cash to support a company and buy items/warframes to support also my faction. The devs just turn around on a twitch stream and state in a nutshell. "We have heard the whinging and we will cater to them" In other words, not give a  to anyone who actually supports the game using real cash to which they HEAVILY rely on. Hence the over charge on plat as is which is absurdly over priced. I supported them anyway as what you do when supporting something you like, you invest in it. Low an behold though, it is not the case with developers, they rather listen to a player base that is a resounding whinging of kids who haven't got past anything but 20 hours of gameplay not knowing the later stages. Where the very support roles (known as healers in your other games) would be needed at those stages. They are whinging against the very ones who would save their . It is a new level of absurdity when people are whinging that a healer is healing to much in a way that seems like they are defending NPCs. NON playable characters. Delusion has reached a new high in gamers and they have lost their f*cken minds. Luckly I left this game and it's  community behind. Don't do the same thing I did and download this bending to whinging pressure Devs and  on the real people who support it. Need I mention the game breaking bugs that the devs rather ignore instead they put things on the market to buy. Cash Grabbin. Also on their recent Twitch Stream they dodged questions continually or half answered them. I read once on the forum before the twitch stream devs asking the community to post their questions. One person said "Are you actually going to answer any of our questions properly this time" to which I observed they didn't. Also they are copying Star Bound by making people be able to have their own ships every single one and pets. In a FPS. When did FPS become so cutesy that it needs pets? When did Developers start catering to whinging children who play 20 hours of the game, don't pay for anything on the market to support the game? Oh forgot, when Devs became push overs and b*tches.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Pay 2 Win. Repetitive. Boring.
game-hours: 108.8
review: waste of time, really.
game-hours: 1148.2
review: 2good4you
game-hours: 1148.2
review: 2good4you
game-hours: 180.2
review: Do you like Grinding and waiting? Do you have enough money to buy a small island? Then definatly download warframe, you'll do nothing but grind for hours apon hours of you life away trying to get parts for blue prints for better weaponry, most of the time you'll need to craft other resources with the resources you gathered. then and heres the best part /YOU HAVE TO WAIT 24 HOURS TO GET THAT ITEM/ or maybe more. While you do all this you'll need to join a clan too. whats that you don't like clans? tough , you want nice things you ABSOLUTLY HAVE TO JOIN A CLAN who will tax you, take your resources to build their dojo, and your hard earned cash. but don't worry, cyborg ninjas with clunky controls and crappy targeting from a 3rd person view will make it all worth while. Don't get this game, it is a bigger black hole for money and time then Team fortress 2 which is a ing achievement in of itself.
game-hours: 40.8
review: My biggest problem in Warframe is that I had to grind for hours to get parts of a blueprint and find out later that the weapon just isn't effective. The gameplay is decent, but the game has nothing special to it. I recommend giving the game a try, but waiting until the developers have had more time to expand this game.
game-hours: 13.2
review: One of the worst games ever.
game-hours: 1344.2
review: I spent a lot of time with this game and you wouldn't believe how much money. There's really no point to the game other than collecting weapons and characters(frames). They regularly offer packages of points and items for up to $150. Combine this with their total lack of quality control and rampant bug issues and it's just not worth the trouble. Save yourself some time and money and find a game that gives you the prices up front. Free to play just means we'll charge you WAY MORE later.
game-hours: 111.9
review: Warframe has come a long way from when I dropped some cash to help out with the development (around 100$), however it's still the same boring, uninspired, and highly grindy game it was before. Yes, you can make your warframs and blah blah blah, but it takes forever, feels like a second job, and now they're instituting things you outright can't make in game and the prices on their in game currency are absurd. I once read an interview with the guy that makes "World of Tanks" where he said "in a free to play model you should never try to extract more than the price of a movie ticket out of your players every few months, and nothing they can buy should overtly influence the gaming experience" (paraphrase)... The people that make this pile of ish should read that interview because their game is overpriced and very boring.
game-hours: 6.8
review: In one sentence: Among other of the many "Free To Play" games the dead stock of gaming today.
game-hours: 8.0
review: this game is about NINJAS IN SPACE
game-hours: 0.3
review: Update failed after downloading, could you fix this?
game-hours: 0.3
review: it wont let me play the thing on my WINDOWS 7 pc it says i have wong info i put in the right info it says "wrong platform" IM ON WINDOW 7 pc you idiots an F---------------------------+- stupid
game-hours: 11.0
review: It just freezes every time i get to the sign in page
game-hours: 106.0
review: Great free to play game but prepare your wallet anyway.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Not my type of game, I prefer first shooters the movement in this game is too fast to keep my eyes focused on lols 5/10
game-hours: 3.0
review: Repetitive co-op play with little-to-no story. Free-to-play, but pay-2-win for sure and difficult to get upgrades without money (at least at the time of this writing). Also, I don't get why playing as a faceless robot is cool. :/
game-hours: 1.8
review: They say Team fortress 2 is the laggiest game on steam. well I beg to differ. The Game Lags alot so I can't get very far before dying. It is by far the worst game I've seen on steam so far. Yes i have seen playthroughs on youtube and my opinion is still that it sucks.
game-hours: 2411.2
review: Reviews?  Please
game-hours: 0.8
review: Wasnt my most favorite, Only recommended for people who get bored easy aand want something to do
game-hours: 231.0
review: What I like about warframe is the way you can absolutely dismember your enemies, but what I don't like is the scavenging for materials to craft weapons. And crafting the weapons takes about 12 hours, while making a warframe takes 3 days. 3 days! That is just unacceptable. It should be about a couple hours at most to craft stuff, not half a day! Unless they change the time it takes to craft weapons/warframes, I don't recommend getting warframe.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Game is pretty stupid.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Its a typical shooter, nothing special. The defeniton of a "walk and shoot"
game-hours: 48.6
review: First few hours are good, but then you'll most likely face a strict NAT error. Internet provides little to no help that can be understood by anyone. Not worth the download.
game-hours: 0.3
review: im might like it if the update would play
game-hours: 2.0
review: This game seemed really boring and repetitive. I didn't even have to move out of the way during missions. Just had to keep shooting. Dodging looks cool but is barely needed. You also get the same environment on one world OVER and Over and OVER.
game-hours: 12.3
review: Its sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo boring.
game-hours: 3.4
review: it sucks
game-hours: 9.3
review: stupid pay 2 win i'd rather wipe my  with toilet paper than ppay 2 win give me free stuff and ill play
game-hours: 13.2
review: bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
game-hours: 5.1
review: Is a Pay To Win game !!
game-hours: 1.4
review: Never worked for me
game-hours: 12.6
review: TOO MANY UPDATE FUUUUUU D:
game-hours: 12.6
review: TOO MANY UPDATE FUUUUUU D:
game-hours: 29.6
review: *Since the game is f2p, I'd strongly recommend that you play it for yourself and form your own criteria. I doubt you will lose anything from trying it, other than time, that is. The main objective of this review is to offer feedback to the developers, so that they (hopefully) make this game better and not so much of a chore to play.* A grindfest from the toes to the scalp. Warframe's promise was quite good: to make you feel like a real futuristic badass ninja with superpowers. The showcasing of so many planets, missions, game modes, warframes, weapons and powers appeared to show an incredible amount of diversity gameplay-wise. Unfortunately, this is not the case. Although the combat mechanics are well developed and the controls are somewhat fluid, the game feels immensely repetitive. There is no goal other than to grind and get new stuff to keep grinding so you can build other stuff and then just keep grinding again. There's no point, no meta-game. You just keep playing for the sake of grinding on hopes that the other warframes and weapons will drastically affect gameplay or offer variation to the extremely boring gameplay. But wait, why am I saying it's so repetitive and bad when I just said there are so many maps, guns, modes etc. and combat mechanics are well developed? Well, for starters, the brain-dead AI doesn't helps at all. Harder areas only mean that you will find the same idiotic enemies that you faced in your first hours on Warframe with more health and damage output. It's enough to say that this kills any degree of possible variety, gameplay-wise and removes any sense of a tactical approach to the mission. Changing your warframe and gear doesn't mean more variety, it means you will have much more chance to win on higher "difficulties" and against other people on pvp by using stronger stuff. Speaking of tactical approaches, stealth is a joke, a very bad one. Enemies spawn from nowhere when you re-enter an area, usually in front of you, even if you just left it 5 seconds ago or went into a ventilation pipe; brain-dead AI makes it almost impossible to predict enemies' movement, confusing parkour mechanics often leave you in non-desired places, stealth kills require you to wait for the "Press E to make a stealth kill" window to appear, limited-to-no options to flank or avoid your enemies, etc. It's just plain hilarious how you can sprint and run just behind an enemy or stand 10 feet away, in front of them and they won't do a thing, even if there is a light source. But walk 3 more feet and they magically make all the room to go into maximum alert against you. Finally, the micro-transactions, an expected feature on a f2p. It's true that they don't force you on paying by adding paywalls. You can get everything by grinding, which is pretty good. The problem? It's only TECHNICALLY good. A person with a life, a job and responsabilities that can't play 6-9 hours per day will become almost immediately frustrated when he/she realizes that it takes more than 60 hours of grinding materials to build something, then a full day to complete it. Obviously, shortcuts will be seeked and micro-transactions will occur. For most people, micro-transactions are forced by difficulties of life itself. That's a smart way of avoiding hate. Good job Digital Extremes, you dodged a bullet there. Of course, you will find almost no one criticizing the grinding mechanics and the micro-transactions because it's a coop game. What other people buys with real money or by loosing it's life on this game won't enrage you in any way. On the contrary, because he/she will aid you. But still, I'd really like if the developers made every weapon unique in their own way, not just leveled/stronger versions of previous weapons or new, insanely OP'd weapons and warframes focused on encouraging even more grinding to become even more OP. They could learn a lot about PlanetSide 2's balance. Overall, Warframe's great mechanics and ideas get completely ruined by the mistake of turning it all into one, giant grindfest. It's a real pity to see such a promising coop shooter and amazing fighting mechanics go to waste.
game-hours: 2.0
review: worst game ever
game-hours: 2.3
review: This is the most cryptic, least intiutive game I have ever played. It is also full of bugs and glitches and does not feel like a finished product at all. On top of that half the time you can't see anything on the screen because everything glows, sparkles and flashes all the time. I know that a lot of really good artists worked on this title, still it does not show one bit. It's a shame that it turned out to be an ugly, annoying piece of crap.
game-hours: 3.8
review: Looks cool at a first glance, but once you dig in you realize what a terribly long grind of  it is. Youre starting weapons tickle and passing your first test at least for me chosing a bow, daggers, sword, on the volt, was not passable. The enemies sidestep at the the last second and just keep killing you. Maybe its balanced with better weapons but the setup I thought id enjoy were beyond . ered game I will not be wasting time on again. Typically out of starter classes they should let you pick and choose and have all starting options unlocked. If you dont like what you iniaitally pick you should be able to swap, not in this piece of aids ridden piece of trash. The pay to win is not even subtle. Worthless game. Don't waste your time on it.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Dry, cash shop. Would not recommend unless you really enjoy the early game of freemium MMORPGs.
game-hours: 0.9
review: the game didn't work at all! it just keep saying Login error Check you're info i decided to delete the game because its usless now and i dont need it when u fix that problem i MIGHT think of redownloading the game again
game-hours: 988.9
review: pay2win
game-hours: 2.9
review: Really This is a "cool" game. i guest it has a good story. and it's fast to play. But just realize your playin a crappy hack and slash grindy game for noobs. I know in this game you get a whole bunch of items at the start but what did you do? practicle noobcakes..... NOTHING!!! Back when you weren't noobs when this game was good you would actually have to work. but instead you can just noob-out! Grinding was good back then about 1-2 years ago cause you weren't grinding for flipin warframes and weapons, you get materials and you know what you do with those materials....... newbs just can't answer this in about 10 seconds. you for cry out loud build yo gear! this game was good back but not worth your time now a days... You're just sad Why waste your time?
game-hours: 27.0
review: Very grindy and repetetive. Gameplay is stale and community is bad.
game-hours: 1.3
review: I didn't liked this game's physic's :/ and it is very boring game, actualy this game's main honor is multyplayer D:
game-hours: 2.1
review: Too much grind, gets boring fast, bad controls
game-hours: 1.9
review: It's "ok" untill you reach lvl 10 and you realize that you have to spend real money to get the full experience of the game. 3/10
game-hours: 45.7
review: One of the best grinding simulators out there.
game-hours: 1.5
review: grind fest..
game-hours: 64.6
review: Warframe is like Pokemon its great but gets dull after a few days.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Pretty bland FPS with very similar layouts and enemies across the various levels. If you want generic FPS shooter with basic RPG elements, you can do better.
game-hours: 3.5
review: bad game! NO! JUST NO!
game-hours: 0.3
review: Dont find it very fun
game-hours: 0.9
review: booo
game-hours: 5.2
review: Just drags on and on, bad matchmaking, childish control, and questionable visuals. Would not download again.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Rather complex controls for very undistinguished gameplay, eats up a lot of memory and expects you to have an extra-fancy gaming mouse. Not the one for me, but if you have a high-tech set-up and have plenty of patience for multi-player co-operation you might enjoy it.
game-hours: 1.8
review: could not play the game as the update kept failing and stating the data was corupt. this kept cycling. Then when i finally was ablr to get into the game, i had to register it and then that didnt work. This sucks and is frustrating. If the download is corrupt, then someone please fix it. I have had to delete and reinstall this. Lets see if this works. The is so rediculous.
game-hours: 7.0
review: It's just... Bland. Sure it's fun at first, but it only took eight missions for me to be absolutely sure I did not like the game. Even if I COMPLETELY disregard the fact that pretty much 85% of the content is pay-to-use (big surprise, considering this is a "free to play" game), the remaining content you get is just not enough. And honestly, don't even try throwing the whole "game is free, the developers need to make money somehow" argument, because there are SO many other games that can keep a good free-to-play backbone while offering premium content on the side. Maybe there was an error somewhere in the game, but I entered a level 5-6 area hoping to do a mission whilst me myself being level 10, and the enemies absolutely steamrolled me, coming in groups of eight continuously. What REALLY killed me though, after reviving five times, is the fact that after excrutiatingly overcoming impossible odds and coming within millimeters of completing this ridiculous mission, I ran out... Need more revives? They cost real money to buy... And you'll NEED them in some of these poorly designed levels... And boy, the money to content ratio in this game is laughably poor. I looked at the $100 pack that steam offers, and boy have I not laughed that hard in a long time...
game-hours: 6.9
review: 4 revives per day = game uninstalled.
game-hours: 5.3
review: It Sucks
game-hours: 136.4
review: good for nothing!
game-hours: 27.6
review: not good. when i got this for windows 7 it gave me a HORRIBLE virus witch ruiend my computer and also this game though is still...okay but still i hate it
game-hours: 285.2
review: This is a "wonderful" pay to win experience that was actually good is a few ways when I first downloaded it over a year ago. Now it is not. The pay to win got even worse, the graphics and "menus" were changed for the worst, when I played a grineer mision recently the special effects were like popup ads, it remained unbelivable repetitive, the boss fights are bad, and require little to no skill (as long as you bought the good guns and upgrades, or spent months trying to, you can hold your fire button and occasionally strafe to beat them), and the list goes on. I will say, sometimes it is fin to shoot something in its face and watch it explode, but in order to have any difficulty, the game either throws so many enimies at you it feels like you have a bees nest chasing you, or add a special enemy that, despite being much below your level sometimes, is able to do something cheap (like charge at you, too fast to dodge, and remove all of your sheild) and kill you almost instantly. As for the pay to win, spend enough money, and you can be level 60, and have all the level 60 weapons, and the best upgrades for them without playing a single round. Another way it got annoying was how when me and my friends wanted a clan dojo, and the weapons it came with, it took us one to three days AND an item that is near imposible to get without paying, unless there is a special event going on (forma). Or, someone with the money to do so could spend some of it to get the forma, and complete te room instantly. Also, almost all of the things you can craft take a few days, with some very small things taking hours, and things you might need a few of i one round taking thirty seconds. One more thing, one of the weapons i spent weeks trying to get from the dojo was given for free to everyone playing on a certain day. In conclusion, the game is bad. Everything I love about other games is not present in this game. Me and my friends used to love it, because it used to be a bit better, but then it got repetitive. There was a pont when almost everyone in my friends list was playing it, but now on;y one or two do, and the others havent in a very long time. If I had to guess, less than thirty percent of the people who gave good ratings still play the game.
game-hours: 7.8
review: The game is very good and I would love to play again after 2 or 3 years of some problem I've encountered every single time with some "internal error" and I can't play it anymore. i've asked many times for help, but they've done absolutely nothing after 3 years of requests. That's why I don't recomend this game anymore...
game-hours: 0.2
review: no play
game-hours: 1.0
review: sucks
game-hours: 8.7
review: repetitive
game-hours: 2.2
review: if it only had mulitplayer ...
game-hours: 0.9
review: no
game-hours: 215.3
review: My K-Bro died when I took a break from this game for a bit. Other than that, this game is amazing. Super fun and addicting. But my pet died so I give it a thumbs down.
game-hours: 1.1
review: l go a head get but l not a big fun l givee it a 5.9
game-hours: 24.4
review: Awesome game, i recommend this!
game-hours: 1.1
review: It's alright...
game-hours: 5.3
review: FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
game-hours: 85.9
review: matt sux
game-hours: 147.1
review: ing sucks
game-hours: 0.6
review: War in a frame. I didn't even play this. I can't get it to download.
game-hours: 0.2
review: weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed
game-hours: 7.3
review: I joined a clan. Wanted to get a certain cool warframe. bought the blueprints. Cool, not high enough level to get the quest to do that with they tell me. They tell me I can power level myself if i 'only' buy a new warframe that I can't get yet due to exp (how is that PLing?) and level that up, then dump it for the upgraded version or....some . 'oh its no problem you can get there if you spend like 4-5 hours a day...' damnit, I want to play a game, not have a part time job. Grindy as .
game-hours: 6.3
review: ME LIKEEEE 10/10 ign
game-hours: 341.8
review: Its all fun, gets bit repetitive but enjoyable...and then limited frame slots. No.
game-hours: 16.2
review: This game is the best game i ever played the graphics is fantastic and the slash with the blood ohhh this game good ^0^
game-hours: 155.0
review: Game is hard to get into but if you hook onto it you can play it for hours without a break. If you enjoy grinding games this could be a great game for you. And it isn't really pay to win since most items can be farmed up quickly and the only use for platinum would be trading for prime parts or speeding up the crafting process.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Lack of many things a proper game should have + connectivity issues + screwed my tower. Horrible UI setting plus lack of tutorials or any sort of help menu. Game overall is P2W/G2W. Do not even try this game out unless you're a fan of serious grinding for something decent only. And what's all that about when u die u can only view the frontside of your allies, why the heck you even design that????? The  can't you make it look at the enemies>????!? Or least like ing give an option! Also this game is screwed. oh and also very nerdy naive unfriendly community. im fine with nerdy but not unfriendly
game-hours: 33.2
review: Lack of many things a proper game should have + connectivity issues + screwed my tower. Horrible UI setting plus lack of tutorials or any sort of help menu. Game overall is P2W/G2W. Do not even try this game out unless you're a fan of serious grinding for something decent only. And what's all that about when u die u can only view the frontside of your allies, why the heck you even design that????? The  can't you make it look at the enemies>????!? Or least like ing give an option! Also this game is screwed. oh and also very nerdy naive unfriendly community. im fine with nerdy but not unfriendly
game-hours: 165.5
review: This game makes me want to yell: SETTLEMENTS! SETTLEMENTS! SETTLEMENTS!
game-hours: 9.9
review: For players with bad internet, this game is a nightmare. Spent first two hours of game just updating over and over again.
game-hours: 147.1
review: ing sucks
game-hours: 0.6
review: War in a frame. I didn't even play this. I can't get it to download.
game-hours: 7.3
review: I joined a clan. Wanted to get a certain cool warframe. bought the blueprints. Cool, not high enough level to get the quest to do that with they tell me. They tell me I can power level myself if i 'only' buy a new warframe that I can't get yet due to exp (how is that PLing?) and level that up, then dump it for the upgraded version or....some . 'oh its no problem you can get there if you spend like 4-5 hours a day...' damnit, I want to play a game, not have a part time job. Grindy as .
game-hours: 43.3
review: Jupiters size of sun
game-hours: 14.3
review: In some cases to be pro you need real money, the game does not have framelimit some times when you turn camera around the FPS drops, In some maps your FPS is really unstable also there is a lot of bugs too and it made the game so unplayable. Most of the missions looks like the same and the story is so boring, the game is just shoot and jump. I do not recommended this game if you want to play a F2P shooter.
game-hours: 102.3
review: A fun game i shall admit however it has afew problems: It's too repetative find,kill,capture,escort,defend,survive thats everything in the game in a nutshell. The balance is almost non existant. With some of the hardest to earn frames being the weakest and the easiest to earn being the strongest. You'll need to grind for hours or even days if your unlucky to get enough resources for a single blade or gun. Other then fighting there is nothing to do. I wouldnt mind that if maybe the ai's were not the old 2d attack style ai's that always walk,run at you in a straight line. When with infected they could have wall crawling,wall/roof pouncing ect. or having some sort of unique attack style other then get target in visible range then fire til i or it dies. All up it's a fun game for awhile but once you notice how limited it is and how much of a grind fest it is you will move on.
game-hours: 939.7
review: Why is this popular? I can't say. It's high quality for a F2P title...but it's so much copy & paste, there is little to no variety. Play one hour, or play one hundred, it's all the same.
game-hours: 7.1
review: This game is just to boring and repetitive, it may be free to play but the way they have the game set up it kinda forces you to spend real money to buy boosts and faster level ups. If you don't spend money to buy boosts then you will find after playing all day you didn't level up.
game-hours: 7.6
review: the best part of the game was uninstalling it
game-hours: 22.4
review: I played Warframe for a little bit. I have to say it really spoke to me and was great fun with my friends, going on missions, fight, explore, and get loot, and whatnot. I liked the playability of the frames, how they moved and how you could do some interesting parcour-like tricks with them. I liked the cards that you could slot in your armor and weapons to modify how your warframe operated, and I especially liked finding new cards so you could upgrade and do all that good "build"-stuff. After a while though (I say this after some 20+ hours of play), the combat got really boring, repetitive and just didn't feel like there was any point to it. The missions, environments and loot is pretty much always the same, you can't really do anything with your money, don't get me started on the leveling "system", and if you want to craft and upgrade, you have to heavily invest your time into it (or bust out the ole credit card). And maybe that's the problem, I just don't have the time or patience to keep grinding missions and doing events. I feel like I would have liked this game when I was 15 to 18 years old, when I had the stamina to just keep doing the same mission after repetitive mission. As it stands, I don't like the game because the challenge to me seems to be a test of how much time you're willing to spend getting minimal rewards and character growth. So it's a no from me. I don't recommend this game.
game-hours: 2.0
review: great idea for a game and had a lot of potential, but is completely broken with bugs. Inculding a game crippleing bug that has been in the game since launch 2 years ago. BTW this game is still in beta after 2 years, really?! My oppinion, DO NOT buy this game.
game-hours: 2.4
review: crap.
game-hours: 1.5
review: i dont like it
game-hours: 4.7
review: this game is good but i don't like it.
game-hours: 3.2
review: this game laggs way too much but its a good game
game-hours: 1.4
review: The interesting concept of swappable abilities is negated by the fact that 90% of the content must be purchased with real money transactions. You'll have to purchase a pack ranging from $50 to $200 in order to unlock weapons and other characters. If the game had limited these transactions to merely cosmetic features, or had allowed a one time purchase of the game and the ability to earn them by playing I might sit down for another couple of sessions in the hope of earning something cool instead of having to buy my way to victory. Also, if a player dies 4 times during the day, they must spend more real money for additional revivals. The enemies and gameplay are mediocre, though Warframe tries to include a wall running mechanic to spice things up. It's sadly under utilized in every area, making each stage a forgettable copy-and-pasted version of the last. Enemies have a tendency to slide and teleport around as well. They have a chance to drop ability cards for you to equip, which an interesting idea, but since shooting everything in the face with your default weapon (which doesn't require recharging like abilities do) clears them away just as well, there's no real tactical reason to use them. The main characters and weapons look pretty good, but the stages and opponents are all forgettably grimdark. Do you have an hour to kill on a gimmick shooter? Look no further. Want something with a more depth? Go play Tribes: Ascend instead.
game-hours: 52.6
review: Let me tell you a little bit about WARFRAME. It's the absolute biggest pile of trash I have ever played, The story goes as follows,You play as some dumbass noob ROBOT and his dumbass best friends and go and kill everyone in sight, THE END THATS IT THATS THE GAME IS ING ABYSMAL. also not ONCE during the game do we get to put a picture in these mentioned "Warframes" and hang them on a nice wall, the title is very misleading in this way. I expected a nice picture hanging simulator and all I got was  dumbass ROBOTS
game-hours: 9.0
review: I did not like Warframe, it's short, missions are repetitive and buggy. For example, one mission I was trying to find and capture 2 guys. First of all the minimap icon for the guy I was supposed to find was not right and then someone else finished the mission then every enemy went after me. If that isn't bad enough, the crafting is not well thought out. To craft things, you have to farm for rare materials that you can rarely find, or the thing you are looking for is on a planet that have enemies that are 5 levels higher than you. And if you think you can just buy wepons from the store, then you are wrong. Most, if not all the good items, require real money to buy, so I take this time to mention that the game is free to play. My final complaint is that there is little to no cover in the game and only one enemy has a melee only attack. And if that's not bad enough, than listen to this, I am not completely sure if there is a crouch button. So all and all don't get this game. It's not as good as it looks. If you are looking for a game like this I would suggest Destiny
game-hours: 2.4
review: There's one mission, it's boring and you can't make anything without a century of grinding or buying with real money, something I'm not happy to do to make my ONE mission interesting.
game-hours: 4.8
review: Too repetitive and the A.I. is miserable, idky so many people like this game
game-hours: 222.7
review: Warframe does a number of things oh, so right, then misses a lot of potential, then botches the landing hard with an ultra-grindy mid-to-late game. There's fun to be had, but the longer you play it for the less fun you'll have. And like so many other addictive, grindy games, it's usually after you've wasted way too much time that you realize how little fun you've been having all along. May be worth a play if you have dexterity and just want to blast and slice some dudes. But be very careful about getting sucked in because this game does not reward dilligence; it punishes it.
game-hours: 140.6
review: fun game, but soon becomes impossible without new weapons that cost real money. Becomes repetitve.
game-hours: 206.6
review: ing piece of  never play it
game-hours: 42.9
review: Gets boring
game-hours: 39.5
review: Minecraft but with worse graphics.
game-hours: 47.3
review: If you want to have more than two frames and more than two weapons, be prepared to shell out real money. You only get four revives per day, and to get more, you must pay real money for those as well. The game is filled with microtransactions. It's also filled with grinding. empty matches, and an overzealous chat censoring system.
game-hours: 394.9
review: check this game out its finally on steam!
game-hours: 0.1
review: no one plays this games its soo bad in the way no one plays remove this game its just killing steam
game-hours: 394.9
review: check this game out its finally on steam!
game-hours: 431.4
review: +f idsdg ;iydcglkadfjghdfkjsghdfosiudfhgs;gdfkgsdcbjawesomenessakjlsd haljskdg djfhbiuasdgfikg
game-hours: 12.1
review: warframef2p
game-hours: 220.6
review: At the beginning (maybe) you'd like it. It's entertaining once you get some new warframes to play and maximize (same with the weapons), and constructing a dojo is more like if you're lucky or not. However, is a bit frustrating when the pvp lacks some competivity or some rewards... In fact, practically no one enters there since there's nothing in return (no ranking system or something that makes you play more of this) At the end of the day, you'll realize there's nothing interesting but to gather resources to buy some weapons to see how powerful you become... And for what? Well, here's my realisation quote: "Is that it? I wasted my time I'd even go back to Lineage 2." I do NOT recommend to play Warframe, could be addictive but still frustrating afterwards. -Arkl1te
game-hours: 9.7
review: waste of time... can't get anything decent without paying money
game-hours: 1.5
review: It sucks
game-hours: 965.9
review: Please don't lose precious hours of your time on this extreme farm fest. Don't say I didn't try and warn you!
game-hours: 2.6
review: ITS LAGGY AS HEEEEEECK
game-hours: 0.7
review: The controls are strange, the voice acting is mediocre, it's a free-to-play title, and there is absolutely no backstory explanation whatsoever. Skip this one.
game-hours: 3.3
review: WARNING: BEEFY COMPUTER REQUIRED SECONDARY WARNING: THIS IS A STEALTH GAME!
game-hours: 458.8
review: its lame and repititive and bunch of s play it
game-hours: 0.3
review: I haven't played yet and I can't play it yet it says authreize firewall it also says quite and won't say play it's stupid and askes to make changes to my computer i mean my computer alread sucks but if i click yes it does nothing if i click no it does nothing
game-hours: 0.3
review: You run down a hallway, and you shoot things. Then you run down a hallway, and shoot things. And THEN you run down a hallway and shoot things. That's it.
game-hours: 56.5
review: This game is good but inside the game have a lot of the bug and take long time to craft thing ...
game-hours: 1.1
review: boring to me but maybe some other people would like to paly it its an okay game jsut i dont find it fun not my sorta thing
game-hours: 1.9
review: This alias is already registered then uninstalled....... Integrate into Steam you fools, why everything needs Email Password alais .
game-hours: 146.7
review: I liked this game. Its proof that free2play can generate interest, competition, and income. I tossed about 150 at it when I played it but now I cant stand to look at it since the updated menu and map. Im not interested in re-learning how to equip my character, find missions, or be forced into playing through a set of missions to get back the  I already bought. F U. Keep it. I rather suck a thousand bloody  .
game-hours: 924.6
review: This is a review of the latest update to the game rather than the game as a whole, with the hope of maybe prompting the devs to fix some of the issues. I shall start with things that I think have been improved so as not to appear too negative! Good things: 1. The new alert menu is a great new feature, I've always thought that this was a much needed addition. 2. The new abilty system is an improvement, it opens up more drain points to equip more usefull mods. It also means you can have all four abilities fully upgraded without sacrificing other handy mods 3. Can now see the per-mission bonus objective during the mission rather than just at the start if you remembered to skip the intro 4. Some colourblind friendly features have been implemented, it is now easier to see if lockers are locked or not, now just hoping they apply a similar feature to doors! Bad things: 1. Can no longer rank up, indeed completing missions lowers your mastery rank rather than increases it 2. The air smash attack is now more awkward to initiate, and no longer works with certain melee weapons 3. The U.I has been altered, and is now less clear and less colourblind friendly. In regard to better locker system, I'm not sure why this has been done. The paler colours tend to blend into the light background, and as things have been made smaller they are harder to see even if your not colourblind. 4. Hacking console interface has been altered.It has been made larger, resulting in the right hand side of the minigame being off the edge of the screen, and the new colour scheme is less clear from a colourblind point of view. 5. Sentinel AI has been adjusted, I only have Dethcube so I cant comment on the others, but Dethcube now only uses the vaporize special ability on dead enemies, or on thin air. It also changes target too often so his minigun style weapon never lives up to its full potential 6. Codex entry graphics seem to be glitched, they no longer have any textures. The models are just black shapes on a black background. There also seems to be some weapons missing I cant comment on the Archwing content yet because I have stopped playing the game until I stop losing progress for completing missions, so I havent been able to try them yet. If this post is in the wrong place, apologies and please feel free to relocate it!
game-hours: 867.8
review: warframe is a really cool and fun game to play, if you're a quick learner you can enjoy this game at it's max, the only reason that makes me not recommend Warframe to anyone is simple, too many bugs on pc, you have to grind missions for days because RNG is so broken, also the new archwing update is so buggy you can't even do any missions because you'll probably crash the game or just bug inside the mission and lose or get no rewards.
game-hours: 867.8
review: warframe is a really cool and fun game to play, if you're a quick learner you can enjoy this game at it's max, the only reason that makes me not recommend Warframe to anyone is simple, too many bugs on pc, you have to grind missions for days because RNG is so broken, also the new archwing update is so buggy you can't even do any missions because you'll probably crash the game or just bug inside the mission and lose or get no rewards.
game-hours: 706.1
review: most of the time a new update always give a big crash lagg and freeze in loading scrren but this time the U15 is the bigest update for crash and lagg
game-hours: 0.5
review: my game will not loading.
game-hours: 153.3
review: Warframe was a absolutely amazing game. Until the archwings. The numerous bugs i've encountered have mostly all been with the new "archwing" gamemode (and in particular, the Limbo theorem quest.) (dont get me wrong though, everything else with this game is absolutely perfect.) I was recently playing this quest when i noticed many things wrong about the gamemode (i was playing the interception mode). First of all, i noticed the grineer have absolutely no idea what 'contesting an objective' is. no matter what the grineer instantly capture points despite me being there to contest them. instantly. Secondly, the grineer spawn in basically unstoppable and unrelenting swarms. seriously, its like an ork waaaaagh. though that may be just because im not that high of a level with my archwing stuffsydoodles. Thirdly, when you do complete the mission, i find it difficult to "kill them all". mostly because they're INSIDE the asteroids. good luck getting to them. and then theres the constant crashing. In game, in the loading screen, and, wierdly enough, in the launcher menu- thing. all the crashes all the time, and you don't keep your rewards when you crash. It really sucks. Overall, Warframe is a Great game, and i hope it will continue to be so. But the archwing is just too much rage for me to handle XD. I really hope these bugs will be fixed ASAP, but until then (or until i manage to actually complete the limbo quest without too much crashing and rage!) im giving this a nosauce.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Download the game with 240 kts speed / takes damn long -_- start the patcher, download patches takes damn long, START THE GAME BLACK SCREEN ALWAYS , use steam to check files. Restart downloading the whole game vrom 0mb/5,7gb.. Never going to play any games from steam again.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Samurai RoboCop. Do not want.
game-hours: 7.9
review: What a piece of  money grubbing game. It is a free to play scam and that's it. Some f2p games are great, some are ones that are only truly enjoyable if you spend money in their cash shop. Spending money on a f2p game should NOT be a requirement, but here it is. Unless you like grinding dozens upon dozens upon dozens of hours to unlock one measly new frame, you have to buy one, and a good one costs $20. That's insane, but not to the greedy f2p cash grabbers that made this money grubbing suckfest. The game is only mediocre at best so it is not fun enough to grind that long. The developers only care about the cash shop and getting people to spend their money in it. This is the exact formula that 99.99% of cell phone games use: let the player play for free for a little while, then require them to spend a  of money in the expensive as fk cash shop to advance and enjoy more of the game, at least over $20. And they charge for everything: weapons, mods, frames, aesthetics, literally everything. I've never seen a f2p game be this deceiptful in it's usage of the term "free to play". It has generic combat, sound, controls, and graphics. The graphics in the store page screenshots look amazing but the actual game looks nothing like that. The levels are bland as  so the only good graphics come from character models and effects. The levels are also poorly done and boring and linear as fk. Really bad level design. After putting about 7 hours into this, it is just not good enough to warrant the dozens and dozens of hours I would need to grind to get anything worth a . I will be damned if I spend a dime on this before I would put that money towards a purchase where instead of buying platinum for a f2p game which is beyond stupid and a major waste of money, I will spend that money towards actually owning a game. And a good one, not something with a generic feeling engine like this dog crap.
game-hours: 14.5
review: This game is feckin ! Repetitive as , boring, and overall, very stale. Doesn't compete with awesome triple A titles like cod 2: ghosts and titanfall. I would give it a 11 out of yes (ing ).
game-hours: 92.5
review: i like the weapons and gameplay but i dont like how you have to pay real money for weapons why cant you make it like how you can pay in real life money and ig money
game-hours: 2.9
review: warframe is a game about a pack of gay ninjas from outer space going on an endless grind to become the most esteemed pokemon trainer. once you sucessfully pop a molly in theese es drinks in your dojo, you can later unlock DOGS that follow you around and you can name them and . as you are a space ninja in warframe your sword drips  everytime you move. i give warframe an Microsoft Windows 95/8 download it if you love Gaynegroes from outer space
game-hours: 106.9
review: Before the critical update the game was awesome, I spend some money on credits to have better chracter (more). Now, after this update it lost its magic and I dont play at all. Its been ruined by developers. Big step backward.
game-hours: 5.9
review: not that good
game-hours: 169.5
review: Paywalled inventory, poor community, hours of grinding and re grinding the same items, and terribly buggy.
game-hours: 193.4
review: this game is a ing bull craper!
game-hours: 0.9
review: I really would love to like this game but it probably just won't happen. It's fun and all but hardly anyone plays it, and seeing that it is multiplayer, it's not fun when there no people to play with. This may have significantly changed since I last played it, which was about a couple of months ago, but I highly doubt that. But don't get me wrong, the gameplay is awesome, just you can't play the game without being in a match so there is no gameplay to be played. So, to conclude, this game is not worth it.
game-hours: 289.0
review: Warframe, the game about Space parqour mercenary ninja gunslinger craftsmen who aslo are ery good contractors, the first impressions were good but they soon lost its wow factor once you begin to see the same backdrops and level structure over and over again. Warframe is better enjoyed with friends but they will too see its just a grind fest for diffrent guns and characters, i have introduced 6 friends to warframe and all have met the same fate of leaving once it got repetitve. The game is no doubt perfect or finished and i hope to play it again when they add more content but as is right now there isnt enough to keep you entertained for more then 20Hrs
game-hours: 19.5
review: this is the most stupid game i have ever seen
game-hours: 61.7
review: shoudl of called it Farville 3: Tenos
game-hours: 205.2
review: Warframe's visceral combat can't make up for the fact that it a total time-consuming, grind-fest; NTY
game-hours: 3.4
review: Tried this and found it not only to be BRUTALLY unforgiving during the starting levels, but the lack of information on what to do about anything in this is absolutely pathetic. Lets dive into details that need some serious work. PAY 2 WIN. A lot of weapons are pay only. You can't make them at all. Meaning unless you sink a bunch of cash into this, it's available armaments, while varied, are only about half of what's actually available. Leveling up is locked to once a day. I'm not going to try and do this crap every single day when I have other games I want to play. This feels like a time sink and a waste of effort. Level information is also badly hampered by the fact that it's not explained during the starting missions, and what it's for. This should be effortlessly explained during the first few missions so you know what the hell is going on. I would definitely hold off on this one unless you're willing to grind your  off 6 ways from Sunday and get bored from it before you hit mid-levels and do the same thing over again, with a more severe grind.
game-hours: 1.1
review: This Game requires the creation and loging in to a third party system. I didn't play the game, hence no rating.
game-hours: 0.7
review: -  ,  : ,    !!! -..-
game-hours: 0.3
review: no sucks so bad
game-hours: 71.0
review: lazy game
game-hours: 9.0
review: Endless, pointless, repetetive grind. Gameplay is mediocre, mission objectives are childlike. Microtransactions are horribly priced. Atleast its not ugly.
game-hours: 180.3
review: 10 x
game-hours: 1.5
review: I personaly hate free to play becauce they have microtransactions and lots of them are pay to win. BUT this games i can injoy. It stil is the same  as all free to play game, but it has solid gameplay and good graphics so if you are just looking for a free game to play, this is your game. BUT STILL DON'T PAY FOR MICROTRANSACTIONS!... (6/10 good for FTP)
game-hours: 2.7
review: YEAH IT'S FREE TO PLAY. YEAH IT'S MULTIPLAYER. EHM, WHY I ADDED THIS GAME TO MY LIBRARY? I DON'T KNOW.. DOTA 2 IS BETTER!
game-hours: 1.1
review: Destiny probably wanted to be this game, and that's not a good thing. It's very repedative and boring. Not enough feel to it when you slice some one and the parkour is not even practical most times. I feel it could use a bit more buffing in terms of gore maybe to feel some real fun. But all in all I used this  game and got some items for free then sold them for cash. Play4profit 10/10
game-hours: 6.6
review: Gets boring extremely fast as after the tutorial its all about grinding outside of looks the game is just underwhelming for example upgrading mods starts with minimum cost of 15,000 credits cheapest weapons cost 25,000 credits each as a new player you wont make even 1000 credits per mission
game-hours: 0.9
review: is is bad
game-hours: 21.2
review: When you start playing the game looked pretty good, but over time you realize that it is only slightly more than plenty, and with a very large instability, hopefully with better weather, is a game where you only play to win more weapons, the campaign is boring and meaningless.
game-hours: 0.5
review: too laggy cant even finsh the first part of the game
game-hours: 0.5
review: this game isn't uploading when it needs to can someone help
game-hours: 279.9
review: Worst game ever 10/10
game-hours: 3.4
review: sucks
game-hours: 2.0
review: That Ai is just plain bad. You get the feeling the AI does shot at something close to you, but not at you, sometimes i thought they don't hit you attentionaly. If you want your loot for free, the PvE here is right for you. Nearly impossible to not win the first few levels. Did not played the later once, but i doubt a change here. A massive waste of time.
game-hours: 3.5
review: no
game-hours: 2.9
review: Update doesn't work. It makes me sad : ( .......
game-hours: 4.8
review: This game sucks fat  out of a bendy straw. The amount of thought put into this game is equal to the amount I put into taking a . Dont download this or you will die in a puddle of your own . John
game-hours: 3.5
review: no
game-hours: 2.9
review: Update doesn't work. It makes me sad : ( .......
game-hours: 4.8
review: This game sucks fat  out of a bendy straw. The amount of thought put into this game is equal to the amount I put into taking a . Dont download this or you will die in a puddle of your own . John
game-hours: 8.3
review: game is very, very buggy. i hav had 2 reinstall twice
game-hours: 21.8
review: Fun game play. Easy to get into. Good balance of sword and gun fighting styles. But... You will never get to enjoy this game fully without spending so much money that you go bankrupt. Everything in this game is made for you to spend money or have to grind 100 hours to find the one random blueprint to unlock your next Warframe... Avoid unless you have some extra cash to blow.
game-hours: 2.5
review: Graphics: Stunning, Gameplay: Challenging, Overall: Complete . It's completely pay to win out of the beginner tier of objectives. It's impossible to solo anything. Even more difficult to obtain a competent group and the progression is an absolute joke. Just move on.
game-hours: 0.3
review: This game is awful. The beginning cut scene is extremely long, you can't skip it, or change your audio/video settings during it. Also, whenever you hit escape to close the game, hitting "EXIT" does the same thing as resume. "10/10 Terrible" - IGN
game-hours: 6.4
review: The game has a great prospect to be one of best action game....but sadly the game gets boring just after 1 hour only. The game even though has a gripping action, soundtrack, graphics (and totally free too) but it gets boring AFTER 1hour due to its reppetativeness....plus the game has no story....I wont mind spending bucks on warframe provided that it becomes atleast slightly diverse...
game-hours: 20.1
review: Crap.Cant kill the boss, do 0 dmg with all the weapons and bombs.
game-hours: 40.6
review: what i ll say bout it,it s basically grindframe, played it and it s in boring,repetitive missions,terrible ai,main characters are boring
game-hours: 1.0
review: This is one of the worst games I have ever played. It wouldn't let me quit during the tutorial part of the game and upon completing it, it crashed and restarted to the opening cutscene. The mechanics are incredibly sluggish and fragmented, nothing is smooth and intuitive controls are non-existent. The engine is bad and glitchy. It definitely feels like a console-port, though I'm not sure if it is. Horrific, I want to vomit
game-hours: 154.3
review: If Totalbiscuit endorses this game, I do not. I don't even know why he is considered a critic.
game-hours: 9.1
review: this game is fun but its leveling up thing sucks i you cant see at all, its bs i hate this game for that.NEVER GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 5.2
review: Guys if you want a free game this is not the one for you, this game dosent make sence, the shop is crap, theirs no way to have fun without gear, you get crap... nonething but credits no rewards, NONETHING!
game-hours: 131.5
review: Every game fits into a niche. Warframe, unfortunately, only excells in meeting the typical "here's a goal, hit it faster by paying real money. Oh, and by the way, if you don't pay, it's going to be a terrible time." From day one, it's a struggle. The learning curve is smooth, that's always good, but the tutorials don't get involved enough and player reviews are needed to dive further into the game. The beginning of the game leaves you with many questions and only one customization option: pick one of three starting warframes. After you've got the basics down, you'll quickly realize that you're going to be stuck with the same gear for an entire planet, if not more. Let's talk AI. This is some VERY bad AI. The bots are sometimes easily kited (I've manipulated the first two bosses to where I'm untargettable) and they lock on far too hard. Once, while I'm using the mag "crush" ability an enemy just stood there (was about 10 feet away, only enemy on my screen) and for some reason wasn't picked up by the ability. But nontheless, the ability still activates and leaves me unable to do anything while my shields and health go from over 700 combined to nothing, and because you can only revive yourself 4 times per day without paying (what the ?) I'm left with no items, no credits, and nothing for my half hour grind. I have been playing for over an hour and a half this morning, and haven't gotten a ing drop. I've tried an "interception" mission a few times, twice solo and twice online. Can't find anyone to speak english if there's even anyone online in what is obviously a forced co-op mission. What a terrible idea. You know, some players wish to play solo as it's a better achievement? Every mission becomes instantly easy with 3 competent teammates (which is surprisingly rare, but more than often you'll get a level 10 grinding the missions and you won't even get a shot in by the time he wrecks the entire level) As far as advancement, once you reach the later levels, you'll realize that you've been running the same maps with slightly changed goals and buffed AI repeatedly, and the nonexistant endgame is pretty frustrating. With the hopes that with the money that I'm seeing some of these confused players spending, the company will improve this game monumentally I think I'll level a warframe to 30 and then uninstall. Don't waste your time with "Warframe" unless you're completely bored with every other game in your library. Warframe will most likely evolve into a "" genre where it will only be played vigorously by a small population which will defend its terible mechanics to the grave. Only once those players have finally moved on will they realize their mistake.
game-hours: 81.1
review: boring quick kinda dull and bland. good for grinders.
game-hours: 5.4
review: Its a bad game cause of the grinding and because of reasons!
game-hours: 3.6
review: like l4d but 3rd person and zombies that can shoot
game-hours: 0.2
review: downloaded it waited 45 mins to do so pulled up launcher and it kept failing to update so i cant play........only reccommend if you want a headache and hours of time spent trying to get it to download the updates only to fail again and again
game-hours: 0.2
review: ds
game-hours: 10.5
review: A game where you shoot at robot butts. Did I mention it is painfully mediocre?
game-hours: 113.9
review: farming simulator 2015
game-hours: 9.3
review: Warning! The Frame you pick at the start you are STUCK with! You cannot change it. I wish the game would've warned me that before I'd selected mine. It's a simple thing really.
game-hours: 1090.9
review: From a collector's point of view and only from this view : Stay away from this game. Lot of exclusives that you won't be able to get : - Helmets with powers - Weapons with good stats - Mods (enchant weapons to get special effects) that are better than others - Cosmetic stuff (which is okay for badges, less okay for the scarves) Your dedication is not needed if you're a new player. Because you were late, you won't be able to get the best weapons. They will probably never come back with special events because they don't care. For others players who don't care about playing an uncomplete game, it's actually an interesting game that evolves a lot and could be really great if it didnt consider newest players like crap. Fortunately for me, I'm an older one, so I can actually enjoy it.
game-hours: 1575.6
review: The once-promising game that has been, with full developer intention, turned into a generic pay-to-get-anything-done grindfest. The better name for it, now, would be "Tradefarm: Ninjas Pay Fee". Avoid.
game-hours: 35.6
review: What seemed like a great game with the ideal F2P cash-shop method turned out to be a next level farm fest. One where a Korean MMO would squeal out of envy. And if I wanted to farm that much I wouldve played Destiny instead since I paid for that From the 30-ish hours I played the last 2 weeks at least 12 hours where to get a Kubrow egg, a Kubrow is a companion who fights along your side. Which you can only obtain from one single planet be destroying Kubrow dens (dont ask me the logic in that) and they are extremely rare. I gave up after 12 hours of farming, I guess I wont complete that quest Next to farming a long time for a single item you need for a quest, you have the standard farming for blueprints, mods and materials. No biggie, and if you have the blueprints and materials to create an item youre being put in a time-gate. With that I mean if you press the build button to assemble an item you have to wait 12 to 48(!) hours till its finished! Or you can pull out your wallet to finish it instantly Given if you have the inventory space to put the item in. You see as a free2player you have very limited inventory space, which forces you to think about which weapon you want to keep and which one to dump. That would be fine if the game didnt forced you to use as many different items (guns, swords, Warframes, Kubrows and Archwings). You see, the game uses a Mastery system. The more XP your items gained and the more of them you max levelled each of them, the higher your Mastery level will be. You need to level your Mastery level to unlock weapons from the store and gain more loadout slots (dont confuse loadout slots with inventory space). And since youve limited inventory slots, levelling your Mastery will become even a bigger pain then it already is. And the only way to expand your inventory is either by pulling out your wallet, or to go farm even more to get an item youll be able to sell for premium currency so youll be able to expand your inventory so you can go farm again to get the items you want till your inventory is full again. Then you can start the circle again I dont know about you but that isnt my definition of fun. Dont get me wrong, the game is good gameplay wise, but forcing someone to either pay or farm so he can farm more later on is a deal breaker for me. At least its not P2W which they got that going for them.
game-hours: 224.3
review: Well great game but becouse of ing Bugs i have to download it Again for the 5th time seiously I am on rage right now
game-hours: 10.2
review: Have I been in that room before?
game-hours: 0.6
review: The only thing I can say is,Fix your suckish controller support.
game-hours: 22.5
review: Warframe, where do I start? The graphics look nice, you got space ninjas, you have blood and gore, what could go wrong? - Everything, major bugs draw me out of the game, such as falling through the map while trying to wall run (happened twice) when in a party with friends sometimes the mouse will stay on your screen after you invite somebody / been invited and accepted doesnt seem like a major problem right? Well you cant move till the maps are loaded in (Happens alot) By-far, the worst thing about this game is the grind, you want to buy a Boltor? That will be 225 platnium or, you can go grind for hours to get a single weapon. Or just pay 225 platnium. The platnium prices are a bit over-priced, its not so less of a Pay2Win game, but a grindfest to where you kinda are forced to buy platnium because some items are almost impossible to get. The game has gotten better lately, but it shouldnt do the kind of payment method they have, its overpriced and its obvious that they are trying to rip you dry. This game isnt that play for gameplay except for the glitches and errors, but the grind is rediculous. I cant rate this game due to it being really good but really bad at the same time (Love hate relationship)but I can give it a nickname, "Grind Simulator 2014"
game-hours: 67.3
review: pay to play
game-hours: 0.8
review: To me the game was pretty boring. Same goes for missions. Abilities are kinda all right, but it's not good enough. I was happy to remove the game. I just don't like it and that's it.
game-hours: 1.6
review: This game has a unhealthy tut, and the gameplay is boring. The story is stuipid, and every moment of the game wants you to buy more things, like a slightly better gun for 49.9$. The game also takes up too much memory! Only get this game if u hate all games on the market. Cus this one is horrible. The reasen why it has "Verry Positive" is the fact that they maniuplte players with gifts, to get them to right a good revew. -_- *Face palm*.
game-hours: 289.0
review: Warframe is a 3rd person shooter with co-op muiltplayer. There are around 140 (rough esimate) levels in warframe all based on different planets under a solar system. Each level has different game modes set to it like defence, capture and survival which can add a lot of varitey to the game. In each planet you can find different materials and items as you play through it to complete certain types of things like weapons which can bring a bit of farming at the start. During each planet there will be boss to fight with its own type of style and will drop special blueprints for a warframe. These warframes are different types of suits which can be used like fire and electric. You can only have 2 without having to pay for more. During your travels through space you will come across new blueprints, new bad guys and mod which can make a weapon or frame better. The game is good allround but after time it can become stale having to farm for materials going through the same level 20 times for one thing. During missions you will see that you will be coming acros the same layout of level over and over which makes the game repetitive and boring. In my opinion it is good at start but losses replay value quick I rate 6/10 I know it is in beta but it gets boring and repetitive to quick.
game-hours: 354.0
review: Money Sink
game-hours: 28.4
review: holy  this is pay2win as
game-hours: 1.3
review: Didn't want to go through the hassle of learning ANOTHER system of RPG elements.
game-hours: 2.0
review: This is a hard game to get into... I'm struggling to understand all the drops I'm collecting and what they're for. What do all the mini symbols on my UI mean!? Needs a better tutorial, but I'm sure I'll work it out myself eventually...
game-hours: 0.3
review: P2W
game-hours: 15.8
review: it keeps on frezzing on right at the begining when the ship crashes
game-hours: 1.9
review: It's boring, it's ugly and really lacks anything that would drive me forward, wanting to see more. Actually left in the middle of the second mission because I simply couldn't force myself to play. Missions are just dull, levels and enemies are ugly and boring and it feels like playing Quake II from 3rd person view, with a sword, better graphics and no fun at all. It's not a bad game but it's not a good one too.
game-hours: 10.9
review: nek minit ninjaz everywhere, so dope much robot. buy if u like cupcakes and swag. oh wait its free hahaha wtf. neva mind its pay-to-win and is prettyy gay so yeah doge.. just play counter strike and stop being scrubz. i will dayum well bet u plai dis den uninstall cause its kinda really sorta boring and doge. Nek minit ur scooter gets stolen couase u playz dis and to busy to watch ur scooter and stuffz, dnt wast ur time on dis or u regret. REPENT or u might hav to play dis excuse of a game for all eternity and shart. Also KFC is nice.
game-hours: 4.2
review: You don't actually Frame Wars.
game-hours: 64.2
review: Absolute bull!
game-hours: 1.6
review: No
game-hours: 0.7
review: Hard to control precisly, horrible blury in yer face graphics even at full HD. must be for console players on big tv screens... not recommended for PC players. uninstalled after 0.7hrs of play.
game-hours: 0.6
review: my computer is pretty powerful, and this game lagged it so much, that I almost crashed. the graphics are fine and all, but I can't play the game without dropping to 5 fps. Plus, to attack you have to click one of the # keys at the top of your keyboard, but I couldn't fix that because I would lag, to the point in which I could not pause or move my mouse. over all, this is a  game.
game-hours: 36.6
review: I removed my bad comment because I thought this game became fun.Nope.I come back after a couple of weeks and 3 glitches caused me to almost uninstall the game. Pros: Graphics/art style Cons: Crafting system-Lets take the rhino for example,12 hours for each part(3 parts),48 (I think)to comibe them all.Add all the time it took to get the things you need and you end up with around 100 hours for 1 warframe.ALSO it takes about 15k credits for each of the 3 parts then 35/45k to combine them all Replayability-Its the same thing over and over.Sabotage this....Capture him,defend this,go on a mass murdering spree. There is no story-For a game like this I expected a great storyline but there is not one,like at all Too easy-There really is no threat in the game,you die super slow but enemies super fast.The only threat is bosses (I will get to that later) Nearly impossible to play solo-Bosses,take the final boss in World of Warcraft and put him on crack,cocaine,and steroids.You need like a full party. This game is bad and the creators should feel bad (not really).If you want a good f2p game play Warthunder
game-hours: 0.6
review: Gay as
game-hours: 3.1
review: it has guns
game-hours: 2.9
review: Just no.
game-hours: 0.9
review: pay2win
game-hours: 18.9
review: P2W
game-hours: 7.9
review: it's k
game-hours: 1.7
review: Bad. Really bad
game-hours: 2.7
review: They sure do shove micro-transactions down your throat. 2 of the 3 available in the tutorial cost a lot, a lot of the weapons they let you use cost a lot, and my daily reward was a discount on my next platinum purchase that ONLY LASTS 48 HOURS.
game-hours: 0.2
review: I know 99.9 percent won't read this but i am a 5 year old and I play minecraft I wank furiously and snort massive amounts of cocaine when I'm home alone
game-hours: 1.3
review: I DONT SEE THE POINT OF THIS GAME!
game-hours: 3.0
review: The quote says that ninja's play free, i am a ninja and was forced to pay, i am dissapoint warframe, i am dissapoint
game-hours: 13.5
review: It's not a bad game.. but just not the game for me. I gotta say I like the aesthetics and the mechanics but the grind... ugh... the one thing I disliked most about MMO's the bloody grind. I mean 13 hours in and I couldn't once find anything to spend credits on.(the currency you get ingame) nope everything in straight up platinum which you of course purchase with real money , or grind stuff to trade for the stuff you want I know some people would see that as the point of these typse of games but I guess that's why I don't like these sorts of games Still, again I say. It is not a bad game... just not a game I particularly like or can recommend.
game-hours: 2.2
review: It shouldn't be this difficult to do something as basic as log out of the game!? wtf. I have played a ton of games and maybe I am missing the obvious, but I see no way to log out or quit the game besides force-quit. Life is too short and this is free. Sianara.
game-hours: 2.0
review: the only reason that made me not recommand this game is simple, its not becasue the game play or story line or other ingame aspects, becasue its listed as an MMO game but actually doesnt have anything to do with it, the only things that you might concider as an MMO is playing a mission with other players thats all,when i downloaded the game, i thought that its is like World of Warcraft and other MMO games. while trying it i discoverd that this game is a third person shouter with slightly multiplayer action. so i felt tricked and fouled when i downloaded it and found out that its not an MMO. the game itself isnt bad at all, good gameplay and story, wide variety of weapons hope this review benefits you
game-hours: 0.5
review: because gaben.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Just eye candy, the game has a terrible control setup and the tutorial level doesn't teach much. Quest objectives are also unclear. Im all for no handholding, but this is ridiculous. Also a lock on enemy feature would be very useful. It's also a bit Pay2Win
game-hours: 2.6
review: All Im saying is that this is definatly not worth your time...
game-hours: 1.8
review: gay
game-hours: 0.8
review: Nothing special, very very bland!
game-hours: 3.1
review: Gunwo/10
game-hours: 9.7
review: I liked this game for a time. I really wish steam gave a "depends" recommendation for this game, because it is fun for the first few hours. Afterwards it gets repetitive. It would be better if all the maps weren't the same, but they are. The story is alright. I didn't care about the story, though, I focused more on combat(which is the greatest feature in the game.) You can use bows, throwing knives, katanas, rifles, and a lot of different things. Here's where it gets bad. the replayability is nonexsistant. Not even the daily rewards kept me coming back. Not to mention that pretty much all of the characters(named Warframes) were available for cash instead of space credits or galaxy googas or whatever. I give it a 6/10.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Unlocks take so long by playtime that the options are to get thoroughly bored of what you have, or pay to unlock something else. Now don't get me wrong I think Free to play games should have good paid options, but there are no meaningful options to pay that aren't basically the cost of an entire game on Steam. Different frames or weapons cost around $10, which is absurdly overpriced to me, when an entire game on sale can drop as low as $2.
game-hours: 4.1
review: They try an get you to spend real money on revives after you die 12 times, otherwise when you die you forefit all your progress, and as a noob your gonna die. I uninstalled immediately after i realized this. What a joke, I can not believe the game is as popular as it is or that people would actually spend money on it. Literally once u complete a few missions you've done everything the game has to offer. Stay away from this game is my advice.
game-hours: 2.5
review: WORST GAME EVER! DO NOT BUY (Even Though It Is Free) AS IT IS SOOO ING BORING!
game-hours: 0.4
review: Oh my God the lag. It seems like it would be a great game all-in-all...if you could even get through the first level. I have a 2 year old PC Toshiba with very little applications and I still can barely run this game. It's glitchy, it's slow, it laggs A HELL OF A LOT. If you have some super computer, then be my guest and download the game, otherwise, save yourself a world of pain and just forget about it.
game-hours: 0.8
review: i cant even played it says "Checking For New Content" and its never loaded
game-hours: 6.1
review: warframe more like boreframe.
game-hours: 0.3
review: gay
game-hours: 1.3
review: I DONT SEE THE POINT OF THIS GAME!
game-hours: 0.2
review: I know 99.9 percent won't read this but i am a 5 year old and I play minecraft I wank furiously and snort massive amounts of cocaine when I'm home alone
game-hours: 607.8
review: This game sucks . You cant even get pass the damn crashes. I crash each time i start a battle or enter my dojo. Useless game
game-hours: 0.2
review: pay2win
game-hours: 4.7
review: Port forwarding Simulator 2014
game-hours: 4.1
review: would not let me sign in and i tried to make a new account and it wouldnt let that sign in eigther
game-hours: 10.1
review: This game is pure pay to win.You can't level up weapons and frames without cash.I would say this game is free to try,not free to play.
game-hours: 226.6
review: great game however the mouse delay makes it almost unplayable.
game-hours: 33.5
review: The visuals are fantastic, the gameplay is solid, matchmaking works just fine and there's not much lag. What's wrong with it then? Getting new items and warframes (character classes) is an enormous grind. I've put 30+ hours into the game and haven't been able to aquire a single new warframe yet. This is because certain components of warframes can only be found in the latest stages of the game, meaning if you don't want to spend cash, you essentially have to nearly beat the game using the same 4 abilities that come with your starter warframe before you'll be able to get a new one. It would be like forcing you to only use 1 champion in league of legends until you reach level 30.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Boring
game-hours: 8.9
review: My character had some Glitches, sword turned into a machine gun then my machine gun was invisible. 10/10 would lose my gun again.
game-hours: 2.5
review: Another not so good MMO
game-hours: 4.0
review: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 0.6
review: This is Bulls**t i download the game, set up a account, get all excited only to find i cant log in everytime i do i get 'Login Failed, Check Your Info' so changed my password on the website all ok logs in there ok..... so try again on the game and NOPE still the same crap!!!!! Mega P***ed off about this as herd so many good things about this game :(
game-hours: 256.3
review: Black color is locked >:(
game-hours: 2.5
review: 0/10 Every alias I wanted to use was taken.
game-hours: 20.9
review: THIS NOOB  GAME TAHT DOES NOT ALLOW ME TO EVEN SIGN IN  IT
game-hours: 18.1
review: levelen duurt wel lang
game-hours: 281.2
review: 3 words..pay to win
game-hours: 431.6
review: Untill DE can sort out the inverse difficulty curve, I cannot reccomend this game. The setting is interesting and shooting hordes of dudes with weird guns while running at the speed of light is fun and mindless for a time, but you also end up INSIDE WALLS.
game-hours: 10.2
review: fun to hit robots with swords for a while, but it wants you to take tests like a damn high school
game-hours: 1225.2
review: Warbros #1
game-hours: 14.8
review: Supposed to be a great game. But you really need to use real money for almost all items. It's like you are imprisoned even if it's ftp
game-hours: 4.3
review: wont let me play says im not activated dumb signin is broken
game-hours: 1.0
review: game, not worth the time
game-hours: 6.7
review: I haven't played it yet. But let's be honest, has anyone? 0/10
game-hours: 2562.9
review: Warframe was a promising title until the last updates where the core game, being a coop-shooter, become more and more neglected. With each updates we get larger bureaucratic overheads. The update 15 reached new heights in this. A space shooter not worthy for a mobile phone game. A reputation system so simple and bland, that I would no call it a system. Etc. Also the devs seem to be more and more detached from the community, they put up votes about design decisions which are ignored, etc. This is not the game it was a year ago. You have tons of small task to do, which are irrelevant in the end and endless grind. I can not recommend the game anymore. UPDATE Update 16 pushed the game even more into boredom and medicority. Same quests (do three missions and get frame), 2 new (worhless) weapons and another collect something to get something. Items revised 4-5 times, abilites changed without notification, bad communication with the commnity are still present in the game. There is still minimal story or lore in the game. For more details read this excellent thread on redit:
game-hours: 0.5
review: This game u cant even play unless u have a SUPER GOOD INTRUEN NET IT SUCKZ
game-hours: 1.8
review: poop
game-hours: 2.3
review: There is no point in using the steam service because warframe uses its own, completely independent. So there are no auto updates, you have to login with your war frame acount everytime and say good bye to your friends, if you want to play with them you will have to add them through the game again. The UI is really bad and the optimization of this game doesn't recognize my dedicated graphics card. Even though the gameplay might be sort of enjoyable, there is nothing that makes it more interesting than other FPS. Also the amount of time needed to upgrade your character and equipment is ridiculous, just another pay-to-win tittle, not recommended at all. 60/100
game-hours: 103.8
review: im vary upset due to a cpu crah and winto the froms and i try to fixit and no help for me.it is a good game.
game-hours: 1.3
review: unless you have a really high-power computer or laptop, don't even think about getting thourgh the first level
game-hours: 2.0
review: i was told it was first person I WAS LIED TO!
game-hours: 38.1
review: Downloading updates... 0.9 / 7 MB ~ 1 KB/s 11/10 GOTY
game-hours: 5.4
review: Pay 2 win game
game-hours: 3.3
review: Lots of farming
game-hours: 0.4
review: THE GAME TAKES AGEESS!!!!!
game-hours: 297.2
review: I gave warframe another try by looking what was chagend, wel the inventory limmit still sucks hard and I instanly glitched when I joined the game, if you really want to come far in this game the only thing I can say is, prepare your wallet to be sucked in the black hole
game-hours: 0.3
review: While I know this is a beta game and just came out I do want to say that my computer can not run the game.Everytime I try to load the game it freezes.I feel like they should work out the bugs and kinks.I say after about a month or two the game should be fixed,but this is a free game(no dlc packs)so if you have a very high quility computer try it out,but for everybody with average computers wait a few months for the bugs.I must warn you that there is the possibilty of system crash and in order to play the game you must agree to the terms of services which say that they are not responsible for system breaks physicle and software.It says don't recommened,but if you see an update that says fixed bugs and/or crashes try it out.
game-hours: 0.3
review: please help when i try to update it it says failed update steam is a ing scam
game-hours: 2.6
review: its a noob game
game-hours: 1.6
review: Buggy and just bad, like every other free game: its boring with just random shooting around like a willy nilly crazy guy.
game-hours: 8.6
review: If you like paying to win and grinding for hours its the game for you. i r8 2/8
game-hours: 37.6
review: This is an amazing i just wanted to click no becuase im way to lazy to click yes So play it or burn in hell
game-hours: 10.6
review: Do you like pay to progress? Cause thats what youll get with this game.... if you could call it a game.
game-hours: 24.6
review: pay to win dip  game with horrible gays
game-hours: 0.4
review: takes too long to update and then it wont let me play it after i have done the update. so this is the last time i play this game for good.
game-hours: 177.8
review: first couple of weeks : epic game!!! after 1 and half month : boring  i cant even open it anymore so boring, nothing to do, reptitve game, no goal in game, idiotic...
game-hours: 1271.0
review: Great farming simulator! Planting crops and watch it grow kinda game.
game-hours: 12.5
review: this is a stupid game , don not play this game
game-hours: 1.0
review: stupid ninja game that has quality but the controls are not user friendly and as for the first mission of the game they expectyou to know what to do from the start i mean come on at give us a decent tutorial instead if your gonna change the standard controls and as such that makes war frame a terrible game in my opinion personal rating 0/10
game-hours: 3.9
review: boring
game-hours: 2.0
review: lagg as hell am i wrong or my pc is low add me on steam need more friends give me call of dutyyy thanks piss not toilet pis sann
game-hours: 4.1
review: Don't start on Windows 7 :(
game-hours: 409.8
review: They need to add Samurais somehow
game-hours: 8.0
review: I love this game for itss 3rd person because i like to see what i look like and whats behind me
game-hours: 19.6
review: One of those rare games that wins witht te free to play model - awesome gameplay and switches it up enough to not get boring, customizable abilities and a wholeh solar system of missions. Plus you get to sword stuff. for free. go play.
game-hours: 14.9
review: GReat game to play in group 000
game-hours: 668.5
review: I own almost 300 games on steam and I play Warframe all the time instead. 10/10
game-hours: 28.5
review: nice game i love it
game-hours: 112.8
review: .
game-hours: 4.8
review: I find this game thrilling and a geat way to get some stress by slicing through that last Greneir. I highly recommend it to my friends. So that way we would be a Teno force not to be reckoned with.
game-hours: 81.0
review: Fun but can be costly if you are into having more warframes.
game-hours: 18.5
review: AMAZING GAME!!!
game-hours: 66.7
review: good games
game-hours: 69.1
review: ninjas in space
game-hours: 160.9
review: Just a good Free to play, Third Person Shooter! Beware of how many hours you spend on it especially during weekends and special operation times!
game-hours: 557.3
review: If you want to be a space ninja with awesome powers, guns, and melee weapons this game is for you. It has 4 play modes: Online- play with random people online. Private- play a game with your party where friends can join whenever they want. Invite Only- self explanatory. Solo- for lone wolves or pissed off people.
game-hours: 1082.1
review: Good game, a bit repititious at times, but a decent game to take casualy with friends from time to time.
game-hours: 955.6
review: Yes its a Awesome game and every fun!
game-hours: 289.1
review: It's a great game. Also I would like pvp. p.s. I haven't played it for long.
game-hours: 63.2
review: Warframe was a very interesting game. It definitely had it's grind having to rerun lots of missions to get the materials you needed to craft other frames and weapons. I'd probably have had more fun and stayed longer in it if I hadn't just bought the frame and weapons I wanted outright and used those with my friends. Then again, I suppose if it wasn't for that option I might not have wanted to do the grind anyways. The action is very fast paced and crazy. The survival missions get REALLY hectic and that's when the abilities flare up the most. While I didn't get hooked into it like some of my friends have. It was enjoyable to play when I was in the mood for it.
game-hours: 45.5
review: One of the best free to play games ever released. Its free, why are you reading this? Try it!
game-hours: 211.9
review: Super fun over the shoulder style shooter/melee game. Mix of Guyver meets Halo meets Phyrexia! All around fun, especially with friends! Enjoy!
game-hours: 330.4
review: Fun enjoyable and co-op is needed in this so yeah teamwork and alls well, ends well
game-hours: 484.3
review: Sponsored By Nike : Just Play the F*%#^! Game 10/ 10 MEAT DOGS
game-hours: 25.0
review: 7/10 is meh.
game-hours: 7.4
review: The game is really fun to do if you are alone, but with friends it is even more fun. The graphics and environment are nice. The skills are powerful. I recommend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 32.5
review: Ok, so like 20 Billion years into the furture and the universe is populated by different groups of  who hate everyone, but they went and pissed off ur mumma, and they didnt realise that ur mumma was the leader of an ancient race of kick  super space ninjas. She tell you to go out there and kill them all.. and like a good lil boy you do... and some times you take ur brother and sisters cos sharing is caring.... oh and while your out there slashing you way to happy town, you loot every dam thing in ur path so you can go home and build your own Awesome space Dojo to bounce around with you friends, build a training course, dueling arena and some sort of room for upgrading ur stuff and abilites cos ur clearly not OP enough. when ur done you become king of the universe but ur mumma still make you eat all ur greens.
game-hours: 832.1
review: Space Ninjas. That alone should get you to try the game.
game-hours: 34.3
review: this game is so amazing it has multiplayers blood blood and more blood walking on walls buying dual pistol or dul daggers if u don't play this game u a chump
game-hours: 51.1
review: this is awesome
game-hours: 106.8
review: Fun..
game-hours: 918.1
review: It is a extremely fun game. The anticipation of the updates makes the game better.
game-hours: 103.2
review: Ran up the wall and died instantly. 11/10
game-hours: 1.5
review: Just like Douglas Adams said, 'mostly harmless'.
game-hours: 25.8
review: when i got this game i didnt think it was gonna be all that good but now i really like it and yea
game-hours: 30.9
review: really good game and addicting it lets you play how you want to.
game-hours: 62.0
review: Parkour, Shooting, Action, Adventre, and a story line to remember! All of this can be found in this magnificent game.... WARFRAME!
game-hours: 0.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 28.7
review: you're a robot ninja with GUNS that can has crazy awesome abilities going against not so impossible odds!
game-hours: 301.4
review: I absolutely love this game. Nothing quite as smooth as it around right now, not to mention the frequent updates!
game-hours: 937.0
review: I have played this game for more than a year. and i ABSOULUTELY LOVE IT!! I will NOT be leaving this game alone any time soon, and while it may still be in "beta" mode, this game is just too great for people to be able to complain about it like so.
game-hours: 28.6
review: What to say, what to say? oh yeah this game is EPIC!!! play it now!
game-hours: 6.6
review: This game is truly amazing considering it is free to play. Its is very enjoyable as you run around, slicing peole to bits. Overall I am very pleased. I may have only played a very short time, but I enjoy it a lot.
game-hours: 336.5
review: ing AMAZING, Love this ing game
game-hours: 755.6
review: Super Game thumbs up
game-hours: 29.9
review: this game is awresome 5/5 !
game-hours: 5.2
review: you
game-hours: 3.6
review: Korean people not included,9/11
game-hours: 35.8
review: Other then Halo............... It's the best shooter game on Steam.
game-hours: 583.0
review: its amazing
game-hours: 18.9
review: i really want to play this
game-hours: 0.5
review: Its Good
game-hours: 53.4
review: 10/10 "Like Halo with ninjas" - IGN
game-hours: 48.5
review: I am *breathes heavily* THE GUYVER!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 30.2
review: get this game if your even a gamer!
game-hours: 277.6
review: It is a good game but the parcoure is bad and they need cutsences
game-hours: 23.2
review: This game is a very likable one for the free-to-plays out there that want to find a Ninja Gaiden/Call of Duty/Halo mash up.
game-hours: 6.3
review: Fun but can be very space and computer specs demanding
game-hours: 17.0
review: "BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH TENNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" *SLASH SLASH* *BAKKA BAKKA BAKKA BAKKA* *SLASH SLASH* "GRAAAAHIEAAA!" - dead - THAT'S ME! THAT'S HOW I PLAY! THIS GAME ROCKS! Do not stay still for a SECOND!
game-hours: 3.1
review: This game is the godfather of ninja games. If "Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon," "Ninja Gaiden," and "Assassin's Creed" had a baby, this game would come out.
game-hours: 33.1
review: Very nicely done!
game-hours: 161.5
review: Warframe doesn't have an amazing story or lore, but it doesn't need that. This game does what it does best: blowing  up and making you feel like a badass. It has a great F2P system to boot.
game-hours: 25.7
review: very fun third person shooter
game-hours: 544.9
review: Well, I like it.
game-hours: 668.7
review: this game is average
game-hours: 0.9
review: Ninjas play free ? Thats Racist !!! im a Samurai Cow :'(
game-hours: 664.7
review: Had one of those Matrix like moments where at high speed I dove off a balcony firing dual pistols backwards at a gigantic space monstrosity and I'm coming to the conclusion that for a free2play co-op shooter, Warframe is a hard one to top.
game-hours: 15.1
review: yes this game is awsome and i love it
game-hours: 30.2
review: Space Ninjas??? Space Ninjas!!!
game-hours: 15.7
review: space ninjas 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 6.6
review: For a free game this is pretty good, the combat is good, the weapons are pretty balanced and the levels are well made and numerous so you always seem to have new experience. The graphics are really good for a free game, usually you would definitely not see this level of graphical quality in a game. The leveling up is screwed up for beginners and higher levels wreck the balance for new players and the 4 person co-op is kind of limiting at times but thats all i can really say against it. They should add more game modes with different numbers of players such as deathmatches and the like for multiplayer. Overall not a bad game though, 8/10.
game-hours: 729.0
review: What can i say... For sure this is one of the best free to play games out there :)
game-hours: 361.0
review: Warframe is a fast moving 3rd person shooting with the styles of ninja's....SCI-FI NINJAS! i really recommend this to all of you
game-hours: 17.1
review: This game is so awesome
game-hours: 171.5
review: It good game .I like it.
game-hours: 348.3
review: Something you must try 11/10 for this game keep up le good work :)
game-hours: 67.1
review: Starting out, this game is godlike. It's everything I've ever wanted in a 3rd person shooter--sci-fi, parkour, explosions, and smooth combat while using your parkour. My one big problem--Technically it's free-to-play, but the amount of time you have to put in to get the resources you need to craft the materials to make your weapons/armor is obscene. Positively obscene. Steam says I only have 8 hours on record, but that's because most of my time was playing offline, where I have about two hundred. Speaking of which, playing offline is actually just as fun as playing online. Maybe it's a little harder, but that just encourages you to use your parkour/stealth abilities with more effectiveness. In any case, I know that this game is free. i know they have to make money somehow, and they won't make any if it's easy to earn it in-game. However, I really think that they could cut down a little on the grinding and let us have fun just blasting  away. One last major complaint (and this is the biggest one): Leveling up is nearly impossible. They give you a small amount of time to kill a ridiculous number of people with only 4 revives or so (which, trust me, you'll burn right through). Maybe I just suck, but I haven't passed even the first test. This wouldn't be so bad if you could just replay it, but you can only test once every 24 hours. This is COMPLETE . But otherwise it's pretty fun. Overall Pros- Smooth gameplay, parkour doesn't interrupt combat, upgrade systems, level systems, good co-op community, fun weapons, and nothing super repetitive. Cons- Technically f2p, but a major grindfest, levelling up is ridiculously difficult, and buying money is way too expensive.
game-hours: 11.2
review: Epic combat and awesome abilities. Gameplay kind of repetitive, but multiplayer is super fun. Ninja experience exceeding any i've seen before. 4.5/5
game-hours: 177.1
review: You can staple people to walls...
game-hours: 9.0
review: meh..it`s cool, but...meh
game-hours: 244.6
review: its a 3rd person co-op shooter with clan houses :D
game-hours: 657.2
review: 9/10: Hard to get into and confusing but has a great art style, a nicely sloped learning curve(after you get past the vertical line of the first few weeks of the game), Is regularly updated, has devs that talk with the community, and is free
game-hours: 37.6
review: MATOUFAKOU IT IS AUSOM!!!!!!
game-hours: 1111.3
review: You must play this game.
game-hours: 448.1
review: love the story behinde the game but its just to little of it in-game but still a lot of fun
game-hours: 5.1
review: Is very good , and is very interesting
game-hours: 10.2
review: it is an amazing game and is a great co-op activity.
game-hours: 23.1
review: This game is addicting.
game-hours: 236.6
review: love this game.
game-hours: 37.8
review: Awesome!!! xD
game-hours: 11.1
review: Its a game about space ninjas and aliens....
game-hours: 1.3
review: I played 5 levels. They were pretty much all the same. And the AI is completely .
game-hours: 24.0
review: gg
game-hours: 7.3
review: this game is freaking cool
game-hours: 204.3
review: One of the best games ever!
game-hours: 137.2
review: If you want to actually play for free you'll be grinding more than a thristy  on the dancefloor, but maybe you're into that. Just buy a few platinum or one of the packs to get more slots and maybe some boosters and have at it, you start out with 50 anyways.
game-hours: 220.8
review: BEST Space Ninja game out there! Great graphics,awesome weapons,cool characters, and last but not least reinvents the classical Boss and the end. I give it 9 1\2 /10. Only thing I don't like about it it all isn't free some items have to be bought with real money........
game-hours: 4.8
review: This is incredible at all! love this so much. thats all
game-hours: 114.4
review: Warframe- Space Ninja Bowling with enemy corpse simulator. 11/10
game-hours: 40.9
review: You're a ninja that uses a gun and a sword to kill like a ninja. Also the game is incredibly optimized so my  PC can run it at 30 fps and the game still looks beautiful. also you're a ing parkouring 3rd person shooting upgrading ninja.
game-hours: 37.6
review: Warframe is, in my opinion, one of the best examples of a free to play. It keeps you entertained with the cool boss battles, weapons, and skill sets(warframes). Though this game can get quite stale if you attempt to play it alone, which means get a couple of friends to download this and set off a weekend to beat the crap out of enemies with your preferred loadout. Also, you can obtain every weapon and warframe without paying, it just more of a, pardon my language, pain in the  because it means you have to go full grind mode and collect massive amounts of items for a item, which is actually the incentive to pay for platinum, real currency, to take less time to grind. Still this game is much better than most other free to plays, which show a pay to win model.
game-hours: 10.0
review: nobody who has downloaded this game is a ninja.
game-hours: 457.5
review: Fun game gotta love Space Ninjas.
game-hours: 154.6
review: Robot ninjas... In space! What's not to like?
game-hours: 13.0
review: very nice
game-hours: 1081.0
review: SWAG
game-hours: 2.1
review: This game is a good 3rd person shooter. It has good graphics and it has good game mechanics. Warframe is fun to play with friends . In warframe you get to become part of this clan of space ninjas and you get to pick wich ninja you wanna be. In my opinion ill give it an 80/100 .
game-hours: 1100.2
review: The best games forever
game-hours: 7.2
review: You can slide on the ground. 9/10
game-hours: 4.0
review: Lost my Filipino Ex-Boyfriend to this game which subsequently ruined my life.  this game.
game-hours: 34.2
review: BEST FREE TO PLAY GAME I'VE PLAYED TO DATE! Everything about this game is good. Gunplay is very satisfying. Graphics in game are really good (DOF effects are really nice). The overall presentation of the game is superb....from the menus to the upgrade / crafting screen. It has COOP *WOOT!* Missions are fun and varied and I like the crafting system and the loot drop system of the game. Only down side is being F2P it's an insane grind to get anything. But honestly the core game is solid enough that you can have alot of fun without dropping a dime into it.
game-hours: 552.2
review: .
game-hours: 160.0
review: Warframe is a co-op game with millions of players. It's about a race called the tenno who are space ninjas. Overall the beginning is quite horrible but the mid through late game is extremely fun and addicting. I hope to see you online welcome Tenno.
game-hours: 0.8
review: cant activate my acount i dont know how there is no activation code im waiting a loot for the code for 6 days and no activation code mann i realy like this gameee :(
game-hours: 875.1
review: its truly a fun game there is alot of gryding for the stuff you whunt but i a way it is vary fun and even more enjoyabl with frind the clane system in this game is not like eny other it actoly pays of if youer on a clan have exclusive wepons and warframs at youer disposal
game-hours: 516.7
review: Best!
game-hours: 140.7
review: Shoot endless waves of aliens and mutated animals, rescue prisoner or just enjoy slashing some dudes into peases. Weapon/teno crafting, slight custmozation, upgrades using mod system. Playn alone or with friends-your choice. Gl playing :P
game-hours: 53.4
review: Hi you see this game and see me? well they ate my lolipop ): its a very good game cant stop playing (:
game-hours: 46.6
review: it's got ninjas and their cyborgs 'n . 8/8 fun when theres no fun on another game.
game-hours: 24.2
review: Great game but pretty graphic intense. You need a beefy computer if you want to play it with high quality graphics
game-hours: 170.5
review: If you love playing a gun wielding ninja in space with some crazy weapons, you'll love this game!
game-hours: 132.1
review: Great game, try it and you will be hook
game-hours: 73.5
review: Well, to start of, this is a free to play game, so you can expect that you have 2 ways to earn your things... you either pay or work hard for it. the gameplay itself its great, and sometimes very team based. i dont understand the push to talk system because, when your playing with a bunch of people its hard to tell who is talking.
game-hours: 31.2
review: Try it... NOW!
game-hours: 224.1
review: Fast, free flowing, and fairly finished! If you want to beat many multipuls of malicious and malignant and (sometimes monstorus) space beings with the option of enhacing this extra exillerating experiance by enticing friends, family and any variantion of fuana or flora to engage in helping vanquish various vicious vagabonds who drop piles of pilferd loot to upgrade uptenth anounts of unbeatable uber weapons to expell an ever increasing extraviganza of enemies! then look no further! But ya kill alot of dudes more ugly than you, great to play co-op indepth upgrading and customization. its good, its great, its free! No downsides, except perhapse the hours of neglected chores, school, work, family, friends, pets, inaniment objects that will be spent playing this game and ignoring reality. But hey if that ever stopped you before why would you be here?
game-hours: 430.4
review: This is how you do F2P. With one or two exceptions, this is the most fair, balanced F2P model I have ever seen. The exception to this is the very limited invintory space the game give you at start, forcing you to buy more slots, other than this, the F2P model here is flawless. Now we talk about the graphics: Personally, I think this game looks good. Very good. My rig can handle maxed out graphics, however my AMD processor does not let NVIDIA PhsX run, other than that, pretty good graphics, lower end PCs should be able to run the game fairly well on the lowest settings. Now, moving on to gameplay: Th controls are...awkward at first, but once you are used to them, they feel very smooth, and fast. not much else to say about the controls right now. Overall I like this game, and the developers behind it. Download Warframe and see if it's your cup of tea.
game-hours: 143.5
review: Very Repettitive but it feels fluent with the parkour and shooting
game-hours: 59.9
review: Can be fun if you lay with friends but otherwise...Well download and see ^_^
game-hours: 72.0
review: Salad!
game-hours: 18.0
review: Warframe is one fast-paced good time! The graphics are phenominal, the gameplay is nearly flawless, with a few bugs here and there (that being understandeable since the game is still in beta), and the multiplayer is exhilerating! 8.5/10
game-hours: 809.9
review: Top 3rd person shooter game WARFRAME
game-hours: 108.9
review: this game is awesome if youve ever wanted to play a space ninja type game then download this now!
game-hours: 4.1
review: When I first started this game, I thought it was pretty awesome. I had a great time running through the missions and just playing with other people. Then, I noticed the pay to win feature in later missions. That's probably the only thing I dislike about the game. For example, the first time I played with a player who payed to get a sentinel, his sentinel killed everything and all the rest of us could do was follow him. But, then I realized that even with players like that, the game still maintains a pretty good challenge of trying to out do them and just trying to win. TL;DR: It's really really pay to win but still would recommend.
game-hours: 155.0
review: erfghjkl
game-hours: 27.2
review: Devenez un Ninja maintenant ! avec ce jeu pleins de ... Surprise et de COOP ! :D
game-hours: 557.3
review: yyes !!! :) (Y)
game-hours: 14.0
review: Pros: Friggin space ninja's, Color Customizable characters, more warframes than you know what to do with, Cons: NONE
game-hours: 6.3
review: This game is amazing, a third person shooter with amazing graphics...and the fact that it is a f2p, just amazing 10/10
game-hours: 19.0
review: Probably one of the best games I have ever played. Didn't think I would like it but just how smooth it runs and how fun it is just won me over. 10/10 would recomend.
game-hours: 266.8
review: Excellent 3rd person shooter, 100% free yet not pay-to-win. Fun coop.
game-hours: 84.7
review: Beast if you enjoy the grind.
game-hours: 58.1
review: fun
game-hours: 605.0
review: HOLY  IT HAS ROBOTS, WHAT OTHER REASON IS THERE NEEDED TO PLAY IT! JUST ING LOOK THAT ROBOT HAS A KICK- SWORD, WHAT THE  ELSE DO YOU NEED IN A GAME? I GET ROCK HARD JUST THINKING ABOUT IT
game-hours: 2.3
review: This game isn't gay! :D AND IT'S FRRREEEEEE!!!
game-hours: 996.0
review: Space ninjas.
game-hours: 1781.7
review: 10/10 would shoot again.
game-hours: 1127.8
review: This game is, by far, one of my favorites. The biggest reason? It's not pay to win. All the best stuff, you have to make. Well, that and its totally kickass.
game-hours: 5.4
review: its very fun being all silent and shiz and even more fun with friends
game-hours: 25.6
review: cool, I like the swords so I can go slashy slashy.
game-hours: 3.9
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!! (and that all there is to say
game-hours: 106.2
review: This is the most time I've spent on a Free To Play game. It is more fun than it has any right to be. It is Phantasy Assassin's Bordercell 5 and it kicks all of the asses. Play this game with me and everyone you know.
game-hours: 24.7
review: be an epic parkour space ninja and fight aliens with your friends!
game-hours: 1321.8
review: best F2P game so far.. dont miss your chance to blow it up
game-hours: 408.7
review: best game ever!awesome!
game-hours: 301.6
review: Probably one of my favorite games
game-hours: 2.1
review: I quite like it. It has a lot of potential
game-hours: 9.9
review: i love this game it keeps you on the edge of ut set when you play it. yes its still alittle buggy but ihas come a long way and with every new up date it only gets better <3
game-hours: 241.5
review: Really good game to break from others, but get boring really fast; Um jogo muito bom para quebrar a mesmisse porem fica tedioso bem rapido.
game-hours: 6.2
review: Recommending because it's a free game, can't complain. So then, Steam says I have 6 hours played so far, and well after those 6 hours I still feel like I'm doing the exact same thing I was doing in the beginning. The game looks ok, the melee combat and bullet deflection looks quite nice, but the levels feel exactly the same. I find myself enjoying a maximum of 2 missions before having to take a break, which is very unusual for me. That said, I do think that if you buy in-game currency via steam or the market, the larger weapon and character variety will make the game a lot more fun. I'm not patient enough to unlock things (it's really quite slow - get materials, then craft, then wait until it's crafted), thus I didn't quite enjoy the game as much as I would have liked. This game is also significantly more fun if you can play with friends on skype or something. Tl;dr - Good simple shooter just for the sake of killing things. Progression without donate too slow.
game-hours: 1547.0
review: Awesome game, but has its glitches. Hopefully it'll be resolved
game-hours: 24.9
review: Nice game, try it :D
game-hours: 18.1
review: its a very nic game
game-hours: 238.0
review: Great game with constant updates and improvements. The best thing is, its FREE!!
game-hours: 92.9
review: Been playing it since CBT and before it got onto steam. Great fun at first but will get grindy near end game. The dev are working on improving the end game contents and adding new stuffs with every update so it's worth a shot and they take players' feedbacks seriously. Gameplay: 7/10 Graphics: 9/10 Sound: 5/10 Replayability: 8/10 Community: 5/10 Dev support: 10/10
game-hours: 477.9
review: The best MMO3PS to enjoy!
game-hours: 3.7
review: What more to say, it is free. This is one of those games that has a sbit of a learning curve (when it comes to the skills and ablilties) but overall, if very enjoyable. Especially with a few friends.
game-hours: 158.2
review: somehow i ust have enough farming this game good for first 30 hours, but become dull after repeat mission just to make some weapon or mod 7/10 for a action game, +1 for parktor
game-hours: 146.6
review: ing space ninjas nuff said
game-hours: 19.0
review: Remember the first trailer for Dark Sector that showed that the game was originally to take place in space and in the far future? Well Digital Extremes decided to take the concept of that early version of Dark Sector and make a completely new and free to play third person action title out of it. And so Warframe was created. You play as a member of the alien race known as the Tenno, a slight nod to the protagonist in Dark Sector, who has been summoned from the dark reaches of space to the galaxy to fight the evil Grineer who are out to take over the galaxy and also wipe out the Tenno at the same time. But you're far from helpless in your struggle, you have a special battlesuit called a Warframe, each one of them have unique abilities that can turn the tide of battle in your favor, a wide array of firearms and several types of melee weapons, all of which are powerful enough to cut an enemy apart with one single powerful swipe. And you will also be fighting alongside other Tennos in your mission to rid the galaxy of the Grineer as well as any other alien race that intend to wipe you out.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Great game and it was for free Highly reccomend it !!
game-hours: 1074.0
review: FREE MOVING STYLE FPS!!!
game-hours: 302.2
review: 10/10 too many shrek skins -IGN
game-hours: 10.3
review: ninjas in space, think of naruto all that funky jutsu they use, cool moves, ultimate finishes ect...... its nothing ike that
game-hours: 76.5
review: jogo muito bom ;D
game-hours: 1358.8
review: Buggy Buggy Buggy Buggy Buggy Buggy. Okay what do I mean by 'buggy'? Random disconnects then unable to login, spawning in mid-mission UNDER THE ING FLOOR where you fall for a minute or two before you then die, spawning mid-mission with a totally black screen then dying for no apparent reason, HORRENDUS lag that makes doors unable to open trapping you and then you fail the mission, and the list goes on. So unless you have a LOT of patience and can put up with the awful grind (gives 'rean MMOs a run for their money in that department), game breaking bugs, crashes (be prepared for that A LOT), and stupid stupid stupid client/host system whereby if the host leaves in the middle of the mission (again, happens A LOT) you then stand around where ever you are (say, in the middle of a swarm of mobs and you about to hit your 4th ability) and die unable to move then by all means play Warframe. If not, pass.
game-hours: 0.6
review: AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 312.6
review: This game is amazing. Most maps are very fast paced(except defense missions). This is mostly a PVE game. You can tell right away that this game is made by passionate developers who really care about making a good game, and if you spend some time on their twitch channel and get to know some of the people who put this game together...you'd definitely see that. The game gets frequent updates, with loads of new content. The mechanics of the actual game are nice. The mod system is ok...i like the extras you get from mods but it will definitely take you a while to sift through your thousands of mods to figure out which ones you want to use. The crafting system is nice, i actually do like that it takes a day or two to craft stuff. My biggest complaint would be the limmited inventory space, limmited character space....this is designed to piss you off and make you purchase more space. As a free game though, you can definitely enjoy the hell out of it. There is a decent variety of game modes in this game but after a while it does start to feel like a grind fest...with not much reason to be one...because you don't need the extra stats to beat everything. but thinking about it more...it'd be really difficult to create the ideal system with that in mind. The other thing i really like about this game is they have events going on all the time, to spice things up, but you can also get really useful items that normally you'd have to buy from the shop. PS. Lotus is a total babe.
game-hours: 204.1
review: Fun at first, but it gets really repetitive.
game-hours: 141.6
review: this game is awsome it's not that difficult and doesn't bore you to death after playing like 1'000 times like most games
game-hours: 38.6
review: I... Love ... this GAME!!!! what more can I say, it's free, its fast paced and it's ninjas in space.... the controls are fluid whether using a keyboard or controller, and the community is very competitive and helpful. The clans that are in this game really do battle it out for control its amazing. It does require some hefty graphics card mumbo jumbo but even so its still great
game-hours: 21.5
review: Its an amazingly addictive game once you get into it however it is in development and bugs are common.
game-hours: 53.5
review: Insanely fun and addicting
game-hours: 10.1
review: Honestly I wouldn't recommend this game. I will admit it can be fun from time to time but unless you want to pay real cash then getting new Frames takes so much grinding and time its honestly not really worth it. Most of the Areas Re-cycle themselves and even when you're not grinding the same level for items it feels like you are. It's creative and Almost a brand new idea if Rengoku for the PSP didnt come out like e_e 6 years before this. Overall not worth your time.
game-hours: 80.7
review: Space Ninjas, Nothing else needs to be said!
game-hours: 314.0
review: Good but could be a lot btter that said it is still in beta. If like me you intend to play solo the game can be quite lonely and to date lacks depth in terms of story development. Also can be expensive to play if you chose to buy platinum.
game-hours: 775.6
review: This game is rad, pls buy it
game-hours: 584.1
review: LOVE this game because you can be a badass space ninja
game-hours: 762.5
review: Anyone looking for a fun game to shoot bad guys and just be a space ninja will love this game.
game-hours: 479.3
review: Addictive as hell! Can't quit, have been playing for 3 weeks! You don't have to spend a ton of money on it. You can get almost everything just by playing!
game-hours: 24.5
review: ing A! Seriously, everyone should play this. It's so good.
game-hours: 381.1
review: is gud
game-hours: 74.0
review: No
game-hours: 15.4
review: This game should be in the library of every steam owner beacuse its AWESOME whats good with this game is that it combines parkour with FPS (first person shooters) this game is great for people that love assasin's creed and counter strike
game-hours: 26.7
review: Currently 26 hours into Warframe here is what I have to say: Warframe is a perfect example of a fast paced third person shooter. Once the game has loaded we are almost immediately thrown into the action, quickly discovering the arsenal that has been given to you. The game is very good when it comes to giving the player a choice in what the would like to do. The customisation is very good, from appearence of your character, to the look and power of your weaponry in game. Combat can be very complex for new players and it is quite essential to master all of the warframe's capabilities, such as running across and up walls. The agility of your character can be some what disorientating at first but putting this to good use can make you feel like a total badass space ninja. It is fun to discover the different kinds of game modes in Warframe but can become very repetitive when looking for that one essential resource to make your next gun. I have spend a lot of time doing the same one mission repeatedly with no luck. This can get very annoying and sometimes makes you just not want to play the game. The game itself may as well be completely multiplayer, which is not a problem but it can be horrible when you're hooked up with someone who has been playing the game a lot longer than you, stealing every single kill opportunity that arises The matchmaking needs a lot of work. Sometimes while playing the game I noice how many in-game purchaces there are, sure the game is free to play so it is expected to have some, but trust me there is WAY to much. It almost feels like a "Pay to win" game as everything is almost impossible to get without forking out some real world money. I do recommend this game as it is a very fun shooter and offers a nice change of gameplay to most other games right now. However if pay to win games are not your thing, I'd advise you to stay a way from playing this game for too long.
game-hours: 211.5
review: this game is awesome , when you finish getting things there are actually more goals to do , i restarted the same node 7 times and it was never boring , the game is just amazing in every possible way and it doesn't focus on PVP as other games do :3
game-hours: 146.2
review: Very good and Detailed futuristic coop Ninja hack and slash Grinding game 10/10
game-hours: 37.5
review: GENIUS
game-hours: 481.1
review: Good.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Best game ever! all u need is a normal PC , internet connection and friends :D
game-hours: 116.8
review: amazing game id recommend it to everyone. takes a little getting used to but after a while you will enjoy playing this game. warning though easy addiction and might end up playing for hours a day
game-hours: 2.8
review: Best game ever! 10/9.5
game-hours: 8.4
review: Fun, Fast and God Damn Furious.
game-hours: 857.5
review: AWSOMEEEEEE.
game-hours: 43.5
review: Absolutely raises the bar in the Free to Play category. Graphics are smooth, contemporary and optimized. Gameplay equally so. Unlike most games in the F2P genre, this one is considerably generous. Cosmetic add-ons aside, the game gives you everything you need - FREE. Modifications, weapons, in-game currency, and even Warframes. Kudos to the developers, although they almost certainly still make a buttload of dough. Nothing about this game forces players to "pay-to-win". If you're willing to spend real cash, that's your choice. At least give it a go. It'll cost you nothing but your time.
game-hours: 1.8
review: Ninja shark people in space. That is all.
game-hours: 3.7
review: fun
game-hours: 19.1
review: i liked this game
game-hours: 232.3
review: this game can't play in Mac OS!? why isn't you making for Mac OS?
game-hours: 328.0
review: Great game to waste some free time; best played with friends.
game-hours: 117.3
review: Initially when I started this game, Melee 2.0 had not been released and there was only quick melee and charge melee. At the time, I thought Warframe was so boring and that it was going to be a huge flop. I quit the game without changing my weapons even once, and I still had the Braton, the Lato, and the Skana (the only beginning weapons at the time). I was confused at how modding worked, and the maps seemed repetitive and lame, and gameplay overall was not immersive or fun. This all changed after Update 12, when Melee 2.0 came out. Melee 2.0 completely overhauled the way melee weapons are used, and allowed players to have a melee weapon out at all times, instead of just being swung once when the player pressed "E". It also changed the combat system by adding different elements (radiation, magnetism, etc.) and gave mobs different strengths and weaknesses. Channeling allowed the player to add power to his or her melee weapon but use energy in the process. As you can see, the game changed greatly due to this update. But this is not the only reason why I got hooked onto Warframe. Warframe doesn't force you to do anything. In other games, progression comes from your character level and questlines, and how far you go into questlines and the dungeons, etc. This often leads to horribly boring quests that seem like a chore after an hour of playing. In Warframe, every single equipment you have has a mastery rank, or a "level," and the higher the rank, the more mods you can equip to the weapon. The max rank is 30 for all equips, but even when you get an item to 30, you can "forma" it to reset it to rank 0 and change a "polarity" of the weapon (you will understand this when you start to play). Thus, players can endlessly upgrade their weapons and different warframes with a plethora of mods that can also be upgraded themselves. All warframes and weapons are weak without mods (there's no ONE weapon thats considered "the best"; all weapons are viable in their own way), and even if two players have the same weapon, they could be modded differently to bring different results. I get a huge amount of satisfaction every single time I create a new weapon or warframe because of the time I put into the game collecting the various materials and blueprints. Most of the fun that I get from this game comes from a sense of achievement in my collection of weapons, warframes, and sentinels. I don't like the game for its graphics/aesthetics (although the graphics are badass), because you WILL SEE SIMILAR/SAME LEVEL LAYOUTS if you play this game). I guarantee you will be playing the same map over and over in order to get a certain resource or material. The combat is okay, it keeps you interested and is very fast-paced, but it doesn't make the game. To wrap up, if you want to have a different sort of progression in which a character level does not define everything, and if you're looking for a sense of achievement and satisfaction in collecting a plethora of weapons and mechanic suits (each with their own skillset), and modding all of these things in different combinations to reach different playstyles, play warframe :D
game-hours: 295.4
review: .
game-hours: 64.4
review: Fun  game
game-hours: 3.0
review: nice graphics and it's free
game-hours: 67.6
review: BEST GAME EVA!!!!
game-hours: 4.2
review: Game is BOSS Hust like Rick Ross, Thats it.
game-hours: 9.9
review: This game is simply amazing. And free to play too! The basic gameplay is free. I recommend for all who wanth play fps game.
game-hours: 2.8
review: class game great graphics
game-hours: 19.2
review: warefame is a great game if you like flips sword guns and action you will lov this game and evan if you lag alittle bit it does affect anything
game-hours: 6.2
review: It's a good game if your into a co op gameplay very addicting in my case
game-hours: 3.1
review: This is one of the best games i have played, the multiplayer is awsome and you can also play solo if you wish.
game-hours: 2703.4
review: MANY companies should learn from this game developer. This game is completly FREE, Updates on weekly basis mostly. Cares about their community listens to their community doesn't split up the community into F2P/P2P. The ingame mechanics are amazing every huge update is like a cliffhanger. It makes you return to the game. Everthing is proffesional about this game, the promotions the video's that are been made to introduce the warframes. By far the BEST online F2P model in the gaming industry.
game-hours: 87.7
review: my  is inside of this game
game-hours: 95.9
review: Definitely trying to make you pay $ but it just takes a bit longer to do the same stuff for free. Still quite fun and once you get used to it rather easy to farm low level bosses/missions.
game-hours: 38.2
review: great game gets even better once you figure out all the cool stuff you can do with movement and again even better when you figure out how to build stuff
game-hours: 4.9
review: the best game EVER!! i just wish i didnt have a crappy mac
game-hours: 46.0
review: !     (    ! 7542   ) 2
game-hours: 425.9
review: Space. Ninjas. Guns, Swords, Axes, Maces, Halberds, Blade Staffs, Daggers, Bazookas. Slicing, Dicing, Crushing, Crunching, Exploding, Burning,Freezing, Melting, Expanding, Infecting, Electrocuting, Magnetizing, Irradiating, Disintegrating, Reanimating, Replicating, Taming, Customizing, Power Rising... I think I've said enough of what you can do in this game. How about you find about the rest yourself?
game-hours: 263.1
review: Warframe is a great game were being a space ninja sometimes involves using rocket launchers or sawed off shotguns.
game-hours: 81.2
review: this game is free? IT ROCKS!
game-hours: 143.6
review: Booger Blaster
game-hours: 743.6
review: I loved this game look at my F#king hours! But in all seriousness it's pretty damn awesome excluding the slight repetitiveness but you can oversee that while you're hacking and slashing or if you're a normal person shooting is good too. Not to mention the game is not a p2w you can get everything excluding cosmetic and slots but that shouldn't stop you go download this game right now.
game-hours: 255.8
review: cool game
game-hours: 93.1
review: its a must play
game-hours: 0.7
review: Well, this is a fun game so far but there is a bug that makes you start the whole beginning thing over again when ive already completed it. This may not have happened to you but it happened to me. You can se my hours on this game not much because of this bug. And when you star it's in windowed mode for some reason, WHY?. its a free to play game (or pay to play as most free to play games are considered as). But just try it out and see for yourself because what the heck! It's free!
game-hours: 1696.9
review: One of the fastest growing FTP MMO 3rd person shooters on the market, atm. Fun, addictive, and rewarding for gameplay skill as well as gear. Lots of updates and constant changes and bugfixes keep things fresh. Not much of a plot, log in a blast away.
game-hours: 316.3
review: warframe is a great game once you get into it, so much customisation in weapons, new characters (warframes) and pets. it has some grinding in it but overall i think a very rewarding game.
game-hours: 24.4
review: Warframe was fun for a while but after a good 3-5 hours, you see yourself just grinding till the very end. But overall, it's not that bad with the graphics, gameplay, etc. I give it a 7/10
game-hours: 82.0
review: I have only been playing this game since April 2014, but I am addicted enough to spend hundred hours (probably will until thousands) and experience almost all the characters, weapons, and companions! The design of the factions are pretty cool and ability to modify your appearances really add a lot to the game, not to mention all those actions you get in-game with your mod-customized primary, secondary, and melee weapons together with your parties. I am hoping in the near future there will be more to the lore / storyline! Thumbs up. Recommended.
game-hours: 41.3
review: ITS REALLLY COOL. space ninja. shoot things. do missions
game-hours: 398.3
review: It's a beta, but as of U14 I can't stand the interface, it feels confined to a single menu, and that's the game.. I liked pre update 14, but I cant argue some of the things they added were phenominally great.
game-hours: 38.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 606.2
review: Definitely a great FPS game will definitely recommend it to anyone who love FPS Awesome graphics and gameplay
game-hours: 436.5
review: fun game if you like shooting and grinding
game-hours: 12.1
review: I CANT PLAY WELL THE GAME IS ALWAYS GETTING CRASH :(
game-hours: 32.7
review: This is a really fun game !
game-hours: 18.2
review: awesome game
game-hours: 4.3
review: Graphic so good ^^
game-hours: 24.6
review: this game is so f***in awesome ninja style i choice loki
game-hours: 509.2
review: Imagine Mass Effect 3 Multiplayer with worse gameplay and more grind. That's Warframe.
game-hours: 143.0
review: i love this game
game-hours: 29.1
review: I ILike This game its only free
game-hours: 4.4
review: good
game-hours: 43.2
review: Great third person shooter. The visual style is fairly unique. Action is fast, and the warframes allow for a great variety of gameplay. You play against AI opponents, alongside other players. A recent update added PVP, so now you can play against other warframes as well. Wall jumping, melee weapons, guns...oh so many guns! Graphics are top notch with all the fancy shaders that you would expect from a modern PC title, yet it can be scaled easily to lower system specs. The User Interface could use a lot of work, right now it is more style than substance and makes upgrading mods and your Warframe more difficult than it needs to be. But, it looks great. You don't need to pay to get into the game, and once you get into it a few bucks here or there to speed things along will probably be worth it. The developers are dedicated to the title, and version 14 added several new features for new players to make the game more accessible. Oh, and did I mention ninja wall running?? Yes there is ninja wall running! Run along walls to avoid fire and shoot your opponents, flip up onto a platform and summersault over your enemy to slash them with your sword...all great fun!
game-hours: 25.8
review: This game is awesome!
game-hours: 12.9
review: it is very awsome.
game-hours: 131.5
review: I have only played this game for a few days, but I have to say I am pretty impressed. For a Free 2 Play game its very well done especially graphically, reminds me a bit of the Borderlands loot mechanics, but instead of guns, its about Mods. It has its glitches here and there, but again its free, and so far it does appear that the devs work out the kinks. If you liked Borderlands / Mass Effect / Crysis, this is a blend of all 3, it is free after all.
game-hours: 414.2
review: 1 Mission in, I was hooked. It's the fastest game of it's type that I have played. Far faster than Titan Fall, far faster than Vindictus. It's fast. There are some bugs with the update 14, over 3/4 of which were fixed within 2 days of the release. I can see the devs care about the game, updates are coming fast and often, and the game is just beautiful to play, and beautiful to look at. In NO other game, have I ever seen so much teamwork.
game-hours: 1160.7
review: Great game! Even though you can get most items for character and weapon customization from within the game itself, there is a constant incentive to buy Platinum. Avoid using Platinum for mundane things like speeding up build times of weapons and Wareframes. Other than that this game is fast paced and has incredible depth in character customiazation and weapon builds. Constant updates bring new things game modes and mechanics to the game that keep you interested and even draw you back to it. PLUS ITS FREE TO PLAY!
game-hours: 128.9
review: Warframe is a really fun free-to-play MMO that takes gameplay by missions. Teaming up with up to 3 other players, each 4 person squad tackles the designated challenge with an array of different weapons, and warframe, providing a multitude of power and player combinations. The game itself can be entirely played without spending a single cent, through hard work and determination. Though if you're the kind of person who wants to collect everything, you WILL have to pay for extra weapon and warframe SLOTS (not the frames and weapons themself). Since I'm that kind of person, I've spent money here and there for more slots. I highly recommend this game for anyone that enjoys 3rd person action/shooters. Especially since it's free!
game-hours: 47.3
review: This game is seemingly fun, loot driven, has good progression, enjoyable aesthetic and design, but in my limited run with the game thus far I wanted to give a first impression of the initial state of matchmaking. I mean, the game is pretty easy early on and thats to be expected, but with the way matchmaking works the game tends to pair people by latency and not their gear level. When I finally group, I don't need RAIDEN SUPER GOD ROBOT FLAME SWORD EXPLOSION GUY joining my low level nodes and skullhumping all the challenges into submission before I even face them (sprint mods). That is boring, and I might as well be waxing their plated  to avoid my team mate from dying of friction burns as he speedster hack'n'slashes to victory. With moments like those, it degenerates to me playing solo and then... what's the point? Metal Gear Rising has better combat and slicker boss designs, so what would be the point of slogging through this game? Well, progression. There is a permanency to content being added. There is a satisfaction to unlocking new content, and looking over the wealth of unlockables I as a new player can kick back and say to myself "Yeah, that looks like it'll be awesome when I finally get there". All in all, if you're new like me and looking to start this game - do it with friends, have them be the same gear level as you, and scratch and claw and work your way to cool hi-tech horizons.
game-hours: 219.7
review: Do you like grinding? If so this game is pretty awesome. It's basically all you do. Exp grind, crafting mats grind, and more (grinding, that is). Plus, being a space ninja is rad.
game-hours: 10.4
review: You can play it as a single player game if you don't feel like playing with others (though the matchmaking system is quite good). Rich storyline, good voice acting. Controls feel really natural. Nice amount of personalization in your choice of class, weapons, and abilities. Excellent visuals - very immersive. Loving this game so far!
game-hours: 18.1
review: Shoot things, get points, craft stuff, conquer the universe.
game-hours: 603.7
review: i am a space ninja assassin armed with claws only ripping through the enemies like tissue paper. 10 out of 10
game-hours: 658.7
review: can laser fabricate high tech alien weaponry from dirt, but cant auto feed a space pooch kibble 10/10
game-hours: 30.4
review: play this game... if you dont like fight style, fine, but there are bows, guns, swords, battle axes, of which you may need to craft, you do not have to spend a dime on this game, you can, but it isnt required, this game is visually AMAZING... and with that said, it runs better than anything ive ever played. Did i mention it is free?
game-hours: 39.1
review: A couple hours into this game and I already feel the nostalgia of hours of hours of sitting in the same room, staring at a screen with a mic pressed up to my face. God Bless Warframe. 10/10
game-hours: 73.7
review: This is an amazing game. Regardless of the continuous grind, there is an incredible amount of content, and the quality exceeds that of many paid games. Great job, the devs really did succeed.
game-hours: 152.9
review: holy ing ninjas in space
game-hours: 299.4
review: Great game, graphics and gameplay. - tho it is a farm fest it still hast to be one of my top 10 for 2013-14
game-hours: 1.4
review: This game is fun at first but not worth your time. Because this game is online Co-Op all the other players rushed ahead of me, killing all the enimes, so I had a terrible experience. Between the odd controls, which I spent half an hour rebinding so i could play well, and the bad totorial. the starting experince is terrible. If this game had a better totorial and a few levels, if not a questline, in single player I might play this game again. I just loved the first level one I got the hang of it, and the cosmization is very wide and unique, but I will probuly never play this game again. It is a waste of memory on my computer, I will defintiely be uninstalling this
game-hours: 42.7
review: Cyborg Ninjas with guns and powers! Enough said! This game offers amazing high detail graphics and well thought out gameplay. This RPG style, Third Person Action game offers high violence and blood for all the gore feinds out there! ITS FREE, AWESOME, AND BEAUTIFUL. GET IT!!!!
game-hours: 17.5
review: Played it for 2 hours and having display issues so changing to another computer ATM... seems like the display would not sink with my triple monator set up and was hard to see what I was doing the action keys are spaced all over the keyboard and I need to think to much what to push or tap where most newer games have concluded a generic format for games but so far the story and game play are very intertaining and I want to see more ..... Ill give another report after I play for a couple of days
game-hours: 106.8
review: My character have entire universe instead of face.
game-hours: 27.5
review: What a fantastic game, this is the kinder game i would pay for can not do any thing but give this game a 10/10 well worth the 4GB or hard drive space
game-hours: 353.6
review: An actual free to play were you can craft almost everything you are able to buy with just the right amount of concentration and dedication. 10/10 gg play free!
game-hours: 28.1
review: great game, maps are the same, but you get past it.
game-hours: 21.7
review: HOLY ING ARCHON BALLS IT'S SPACE NINJA's. YOU GOT BIG  SPACE NINJA'S, SEXY SPACE NINJA'S, ROBOTS, AND COOL  ACTION. and some bugs
game-hours: 7.6
review: We want PVP pls it will be great!
game-hours: 62.8
review: fun as hell
game-hours: 3.0
review: Amazing game a great game to get especially because its free. Also if you are new older players can always help (they did for me)
game-hours: 63.1
review: A great game, could be a little hard to get something in game, without using your cash, but is worthy, because you can get everything of the game, only doing some task.
game-hours: 250.8
review: Great free to play game if you love ninjas and sci-fi!
game-hours: 305.6
review: Warframe is, to say the least, absurd. You play as a post-human space warrior with powers supported by an eldritch demension to slaughter cannon-fodder hordes of degenerate clones and cyborg corporate drones. Update 14 just came out, and it's definitely a huge step from the beta this once was to a full game. Early playing, once an absurdly difficult task, is now assisted by a whole tutorial quest designed to get you into the game and never come outside again. You possess a small spaceship now, used to upgrade and purchase weapons. It's definitely helped the immersion quite a bit. A big part of this game is grind: playing parts over and over again to get resources to craft weapon parts. You can get everything in the game for free except cosmetics, which must be purchased with in-game currency. The grind can be fun, or it can be not fun. How that turns out is up to you. Story is minimal, gleaned from the lines of your boss and entries in the in-game Codex. What we do have, though, seems amazing, a sci-fi epic spanning thousands of years of which your little adventure is merely the tail end. So overall? It's worth playing, and giving it a try. The devs are very good listeners, and seem very involved in the game they're making, so you really are in on the ground floor here. Spending money may not be advisable, but if the grind breaks your soul, by all means spend some cash. Some weapons are just nearly impossible to craft - ask about Argon Crystals and you'll understand. Good luck, Tenno.
game-hours: 41.4
review: A very addictive game you will explore our echo system like never before, earn multiple weapons armor, pets, abilities and warframes. in a free to play CO-OP multiplayer experience. I find that the game sticks out from other games with its map randomizer the maps are never the same. even though the game is quite repetitive, the game is way more fun to craft and earn your upgrades and weapons by collecting resources on the multiple planets, though if your that guy who just wants to get to the good stuff you can buy your way through the game, though i find it ruins the game a little. i would rate this game an 8.5/10 for its creativity and gameplay overall its a great free to play game and i recommend you give it a try.
game-hours: 165.5
review: magic ninjas with guns and rocket launchers who do parkour 10/10 would warframe again
game-hours: 184.5
review: A great stealth shooter, handicapped by its inability to tell you what the missions objectives are. There are no tool tips in mission selection to tell you what to do. Having to use google to find out what mission objectives are ahead of time makes this beautiful and challenging game abusive and neglectful. There is no quest logs, or hints that lead you to the next correct mission. Players can't find out where parts spawn in game without trial and error. The game is solid but the on ship UI and quest interface in so pathetic it makes this not worth the learning curve. The game also gives you a choice of three starting classes but there is no way to test each one with out making 3 accounts or spending cash on the other two free classes. If you like ninja shooters this is a great game to try, but until they figure out how to build a story line and a quest manual it is more of hack and slash than a well crafted game experience. Leveling seems to be completely useless in determining difficulty as stats only increase through moding your gear not through levels. This means your level 15 and your level 1 can have the same stats if you don't mod your gear. Something prehaps your constantly talking computer could mention. All and all this game is fun to play but isn't worth investing the time to figure out how to move up the ranks and play harder missions. Unless you like research this is a try and trash not a keeper.
game-hours: 57.3
review: nice
game-hours: 42.4
review: The games is excellent, it has a great co-op gme play. Don;t expect much of a story and honestly youll learn the game better form youtube videos, the game has an excellent free to play model, you can truly play this game without putting a dollar in it. The loot collecting and customisation can get highly addicting. Graphics are nice and game play is smooth. A solid 9 / 10
game-hours: 605.4
review: This is what would happen if J.J. Abrams made a third person shooter.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Its got ninjas, coop, spaceships, guns, throwables, swords, amazing graphics, and companions! The recipe for a good game... Except for the ing micro-transactions... That turns the game into a "pay to win" game. Its impossible to know who bought all their gear, and who slaved for hours building it. I recommend but only if you have a deep pocket full of $$$. That way you can be like the rest of the payers not players. It even has ing starter kits!!!
game-hours: 65.9
review: I'm enjoying the gameplay so far! Only complaint is not being able to easily obtain Platinum in-game, but everything else is absolutely amazing! Excalibur's balaned set is exactly as the Warframe's discription says: Perfect for beginners. Not only that, but I'm not usually very good at first or third-person shooter games, but I think I'm doing well in this game! Vor was my definition of one bad guy you just do not wanna mess with. He's creepy, ugly, and really gets in the player's head as well, to the point where you WANT to get rid of him once and for all, and are more than happy to do so! Lotus and Ortis are both very well-made supporting characters, and overall, if I had to rate this, I'd say 9/10. Very good, and very addictive! (I laughed at myself when I kept trying missions to get a morphites, only to find I had the exact number of Platinum needed to buy it! XD )
game-hours: 15.3
review: This game is amazing though I found that it is more fun and easier to play with friends and it does have quiet a bit of grinding but it also has a lot of diversity from other third person shooter games and its the only one ive seen that has actually clans.
game-hours: 5.0
review: Fun game, when I understand it more will update my review but so far so good.
game-hours: 206.0
review: unlimited sprint
game-hours: 95.8
review: 10 outta 10 would play. #2ninja100me
game-hours: 1.0
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME. GRAPHICS ARE AWESOME. GAMEPLAY IS TONS OF FUN. PLAY IT! PLAY IT NOW~
game-hours: 50.9
review: This is a really good game despite lacking a story. It has a main missions but they aren't that important. It focuses more gameplay and weapon variety because let's face it, if you have played this game it gets insane sometimes. The game visually looks good, plays well for the most part but still has some issues. And my only major issue with the game is Pay2Play, the prices are ridiculous, you would spend 20$ on platinum to buy 1 single character, that's right 1. Alot of items also take a long time to find pieces to but in the end the missions are usually fun enough to go through and gather material and just in general kickass anyways.
game-hours: 47.6
review: pretty awesome
game-hours: 18.2
review: Hell of a fun in Co-op mode or even single player..public doesn't really work that well because most of the random players got a bad connection. You start from a space ship hub where you can unlock different planets to travel, new warframes, weapons or companions. On the planets you fight simple enemies in similar levels but hey, you can walljump and... CHOP ENEMIES IN TWO PIECES WHILE SLIDING 10/10!!!!! :D
game-hours: 1225.3
review: Space Action!
game-hours: 6.2
review: good solo /co-op game
game-hours: 10.9
review: Very good game
game-hours: 191.3
review: fantastic game with or witout freinds would recomend to anyone
game-hours: 1044.6
review: Mission Log 45: Kubrow finally matured. Put a couple of Forma into her today, she is stronger than ever. I think I'm going to sell some of her DNA too, because Platinum is always top priority. Mission Log 51: I turned into a puddle today. Dumb Grineer kept drowning themselves in me, now I feel dirty. Oh, and I managed to unleash the Kraken too. I wonder if I can use the tentacles for other purposes.. Mission Log 53: I switched out my Warframe today, looks like I now have the power to turn invisible. Hell, I even able to teleport. God knows what I'll be using my new powers for! Mission Log 60: I now control the dead. I can summon their souls. They've been doing all my chores for me, pity my ship is a tad too small. Mission Log 101: I have received news that the Orokin are planning to take over the whole star chart. This might be my last mission log, I don't know if I'll survive. Mission Log 111: I'm recording this in the field. The situation doesn't look good.. If you find my ship, please, take care of it. Ordis can be crazy at times, but he bears no ill will. I have put my Kubrow into stasis before I left for the void too. Take care of her for me. My arsenal will be my thanks to you, feel free to use it as you deem fit. Colonel Blessance, Nekros, signing out. Best game ever 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Valve, pls make this game available for Mac....
game-hours: 312.7
review: I love this game, a very good parkour element mixed with balanced shooting makes it a very fun game
game-hours: 19.3
review: Great grafics good controls and awsome weaphones!
game-hours: 82.9
review: addictive
game-hours: 1026.3
review: Fun....but it takes a certain mind set to properly enjoy it....u must be pacient since itsin beta and bugs are to be expected also does a lot of unfair things and makes u feel like livestock sometimes so keep that in mind before u chose to invest in this game(this reffers to both time and money)
game-hours: 21.7
review: WarFrame is super addictive and an all around fun PC Game. I can't get enough of it even if I fail a few times! Pros: -Despite WarFrames already being set for you, you are still able to customize them by color or add-ons -Graphics are amazing -Enough variety of weapons to keep you content for awhile -Having the speed and movement of a ninja makes it fun -Tons of modifications to add to your Warframe and/or Weapon to make them better without paying -Has a Window or Fullscreen Option -Pet(Companion) System -Start a Guild -Play Solo or with Others -Plenty of funny moments (Pro or Con as these are due to minor bugs with the enemies and do NOT affect the game.) -Option to "Pay and Play" Cons -Sometimes there is too much of a "glare" with lighted weapons or the Sun -Running and jumping over ledges can be fast-paced. Not being careful can send you in the wrong direction -Playing with a laptop mouse makes using the bow or guns a bit difficult as you cannot aim AND shoot at the same time. Best to get a cheap USB Mouse. Helps out in the long run. -Even there is an option to "Pay and Play", not paying could make your progress slow. (**See end of post for details) -Have to pay for minor silly things, like Color Palettes. One is given to you for free but very few select colors. ** When NOT paying to play, you can buy blueprints with money earned in the game. Unfortunately gathering materials can be a lot of work or near impossible. Once you get the materials you have to wait a few days for that Warframe or Weapons to be crafted. Tip: Something I learned in the game which made me happy. Wild Kubrows on Planet Earth can be your allies instead of enemies if you move around them correctly or in some cases not aim your weapon at them. They will attack the enemy which will distract the enemy from you either giving you the chance to shoot them down or escape. But if you shoot down the enemy be prepared to defend yourself against some Wild Kubrows.
game-hours: 5.0
review: This game is really good. For a small company to keep tabs on their game like you guys have is amazing!!! Keep up the good work and I expect more greatness out of this developer.
game-hours: 57.0
review: 5/5
game-hours: 0.8
review: i downloaded this game but it keeps crashing i dont know what the issue on how to fix it
game-hours: 100.7
review: awesome graphics, great gameplay, really addictive and, ofcourse, sweet co-op pve pwnage....as a frekkin space ninja! PLAY!
game-hours: 7.7
review: Damn I'm really haveing a blast with this game,very slick.
game-hours: 65.3
review: This game is awesome and free fun. Buy it.
game-hours: 161.7
review: warcraft gridnding? makes it look like cake ,
game-hours: 13.3
review: A lot of fun, yet also quite complicated. The only reason I would say i would facepalm is because of the rank up system
game-hours: 26.0
review: After the update 14 the game has a few bugs, but I'm sure they'll fix it in 2.0. They need to fix it where uninstalling mods during fusion won't freeze the game. Fixing the kubrow quest because even if you get an egg it doesn't allow you to hatch it, and you can't get another egg since you already have one. Also the combat system for the kubrows since they suck, so they need to fix that too. Other than that this game is quite nice, it is a fun game, and I think i'll give it 8/10 Maybe giving armor to the kubrows, and fixing those bugs and the combat system for the pets.
game-hours: 103.9
review: Quite possibly the best Free to Play game I've ever played. Stunning visuals, smooth gameplay, excellent combat system and gear selection. I highly reccomend this.
game-hours: 164.1
review: Ive been playing this game a lot over the past 4 months, so far I'm really impressed. Great Graphics. Smooth gameplay. Action packed levels, easy learning curve, tons of weapons. New content gets added on a regular basis and patching is quick and problem free. Dozens of game modes. In-game clans even get a sci-fi customizable/expandable base. Craft new weapons and armor out of materials and blueprints found while blasting and slashing your way through intense hoards of aliens, infected, space marines, or other awesome things. Not just any weapons and armor, but awesome sci-fi-ninja- medieval-laser-explosion-missle bow and arrow-jet hammer-living plasma rifle-gravity and time-space bending weapons and armor. Etc. There is no end to the new weapons and stuff I can make and, Suprise!, every time its something cool and ridiculous. Thumbs up.
game-hours: 304.7
review: Warframe was one of the very first games i got on steam. Frankly, i dont have any regrets. Its perfect for people looking for a game with awesome gameplay and weapons. It also has some nice art and mechanics. Only downside is, if ur a person without a lot of time, then this isnt the game for u. U would have to spend SO MUCH TIME getting the weapons and mods, but for me, thats really fun
game-hours: 14.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 3.6
review: generic ballistics, poor story, it's free, though, and unlike most games it's not Pay2Win AT ALL, because of course paying will get you things faster, as with most f2p games anyway. I'm just not a fan of grinding, but for a free game, it's pretty cool.
game-hours: 0.6
review: 10/10 Like skyrim but with guns- IGN
game-hours: 138.0
review: Update 14 intruduces many new things that appear to be for the better, but sadly you'll likely have LOADS of bugs, such as freezing out of your game and having to reboot the entire thing, connection issues to parties, having to possibly solo quest missions that will likely be too hard, boss scaling so once what was easy is now a super pain in the  when you just want to get something done. Don't bother getting the game until they can actually fix it. Before I get replies saying that it's me, I can assure you that it isn't, I've done everything to "troubleshoot" any problems, I have a good PC, and run on low graphics settings, and have 20upload and 40download, all ports are properly forwarded, and I've tried with/without them forwarded, same results, I've had other people have the same problems as me. IF in the event your game is working properly, you're lucky, but I've had it with the game, and will no longer be continuing to play it.
game-hours: 112.0
review: One of the most fun games I've played in a long time. It gives the feel of an over the shoulder shooter while still sustaining that feel of an RPG. With the multiple choices of weapons, frames, and toys in the game one is sure to not become bored very easily. Their is alittle grinding to the game to get some items but in the long run it doesn't take all that long really.
game-hours: 114.3
review: its pretty good for a free game graphics wise and a large variety of missions/quests in which you can travel far distances to other planets in the solar system hopefully they will add even more soon. This game could have a good future ahead of it.
game-hours: 1.0
review: The first thing that happen to me was that I couldn't "click the mission node to begin." second, I tried asking the community for help but they were annoying s! I asked "What does the mission node look like?" and a person replies "a mission node is a node" with other players backing that up with a "lol." So if you want to deal with bugs, an annoying community, boring gameplay, than this game is right for you!
game-hours: 733.9
review: 5/5 - It's that game where you're ninja's are in space. Fun game to play.
game-hours: 62.4
review: Futuristic ninja games ftw
game-hours: 35.8
review: i love this game so much <3
game-hours: 140.1
review: Best F.T.P. game I have on Steam!
game-hours: 242.1
review: Space ninja with magic. The only negative thing about this game is that the plural of ninja is ninja. and it's sometimes buggy. But they just released an update where you can earna space dog. 12/10 GOTY every year.
game-hours: 402.2
review: At first, i didnt like this game because it didn't have a very good tutorial at all in its somewhat earlier stages. I had to use youtube to understand what im doing lol. But once i got a hold of it, it is one of the best 3rd person shooter I've played since a long time. AND now it has a storyline! plus the developers keep updating it and they have not yet disappointed.
game-hours: 40.2
review: Best mmo rpg on steam hands down!
game-hours: 42.6
review: The goods
game-hours: 46.9
review: cel mai tare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 590.2
review: Actually has katanas now 1000000/10 folds
game-hours: 30.9
review: For a free to play you should definitly play it! its well worth your time. This is a game where you play off and on playing continuously will wear you out.
game-hours: 465.1
review: why i can't verify this game with my steam account @_@
game-hours: 20.3
review: Ninjas play free - Warframe Warframe is a fast paced online third person shooter. I would recommend to play online, but the game can be played offline too. There are challenges like bosses, levels, ranks, worlds, and many more to discover. One of the most important features are charecters and customization. The customization in warframe can make the player look advanced or cool in certan ways. The player can mainly customize there helmate, torso, arms, and legs. The player can also customize the swords color. The last feature i would like to go over is guns and bows. The guns are for people that like to go into the fight and have a strong wepon at there side. As for the bow, its way stronger and is better used at long range. But there are also crossbows that can be used at both close and long range. Over all, I would rate Warframe a 9/10
game-hours: 18.2
review: Play this game
game-hours: 11.6
review: ,
game-hours: 163.2
review: Superb game! Awesome/10
game-hours: 55.5
review: Excellent gameplay and Characters. Good Hardcore Missions and Epic Skills and Weapons. This game is the Beginning of a new Generation of Gaming.
game-hours: 711.8
review: Got a frame that controls air,,,, suffocated. 10/10
game-hours: 86.0
review: You msut try this game
game-hours: 3.5
review: ITS **** SUCK
game-hours: 131.7
review: DO YOU LIKE NINJAS WHAT ABOUT ROBOTS LUCKY FOR YOU A FREAK ACCIDENT COMBINED THEM INTO ROBINJAS PLAY
game-hours: 44.3
review: This is probably the most unique game ive ever played. Sure it has a few glitches, but it combines a sci-fi atmosphere into a combat situation where you must use stealth, hack systems, parkour, or just go guns blazing to complete the mission. Also it has co-op online, character and weapon customization all while being free. I strongly recommend Warframe as it will keep receiving updates to become the perfect game. My only complaint? It is extremely difficult to earn new weapons and characters, as they want people to use in game purchases. Still, amazing game.
game-hours: 2.6
review: wank
game-hours: 2.4
review: I thinks its good
game-hours: 0.7
review: The game is so bad it can't even install properly 10/10
game-hours: 705.1
review: You're Space Alien batman fighting against clones and robots while looting resources from their planets... it's ing alien bandito star wars 10/10
game-hours: 357.2
review: Interesting concept, stunning visuals, good gameplay. The background music sets a cliche Samurai-faceoff mood (not that it's bad). The best part has got to be it's co-op play and clan support, such as the dojo. The sad thing about the game, is how it forces players to go though micro-transactions to progress in the game, such as the restriction of Warframe/weapon slots. Even if that is not the case, the level-scaling for the game is broken to a level such that over 90% of the weapons become near-obselete at higher level missions. And for a game based on ninjas, there is surprisingly no proper stealth mechanics set in place for any stealth gameplay. The game is too focused on gun-blazing action and flashy skills. Regardless, it is still a great game worth playing.
game-hours: 27.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 14.8
review: definately is worth the download, its fun and can keep you busy for a while. You always want to get materials to build things and always trying to get the top weapon in the game, one downside is the platinum thing, i mean really this ruins this game but if you dont mind not having the best skins and things like that, then you'll love this game. 8.5/10
game-hours: 0.7
review: i do not like this game whatsoever, its like halo where they throw every monster at you every 3 seconds and i personally did not enjoy the game whatsoever.
game-hours: 104.7
review: Out of the many games I play I still find myself drawn to Warframe from time to time. It starts a long time after the game Dark Sector and the lore and the characters are simple enough for a child to understand. Warframe is a must have if you are strapped for cash and looking for both a stealth and assault type of entertainment. The controls are fluid, the graphics are amazing and the overall feel of the game seems to be alive. Warframe also sets a F2P point of genius by making almost every item in the store craftable freely. I wish more people would play and pay. This is one game that needs to last for Dark Sector and F2P sake.
game-hours: 263.3
review: THIS game SUCK A$$ if you Pay you have a chance other wise dont bother
game-hours: 113.6
review: Want to be a Ninja? In Space? With a sexy tight suit? Then get this game, it's free anyway. :D
game-hours: 19.4
review: Without a doubt one of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 1.7
review: echt kanker gay
game-hours: 106.0
review: There is actually no reason not to get this game. You'll be hooked into this indepth universe, and even if you manage to get out, you'll come crawling back asking for more.
game-hours: 57.8
review: !
game-hours: 688.5
review: Its a free Co-op game with Clan PVP in the mix, alot of weapons to pick from as well as Frames them selfs, each with there own powers, like some control Fire, Water, Ice, Lightning, others contol sound or good at healing the party have to say very good game, with alot of good clans
game-hours: 0.7
review: Im playing it free and im not a ninja 030
game-hours: 15.8
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 225.9
review: Great game, pretty large learning curve also but once you understand the game and start to aquire more powerful items the game does feel much better to play.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Good graphics, smooth gameplay, and great currency system + frequent updates & lots of content
game-hours: 239.1
review: this game is awesome, warning, very time consuming, and very addictive
game-hours: 17.9
review: love it
game-hours: 520.4
review: best free to play game I've tried. You don't have to spend real money at all if you don't want and its great with friends co-op!
game-hours: 447.6
review: Very Fun Game! It can get a bit boring grinding out resources, but they keep bringing in new content and if you have friends on it, it'll be sure to keep you for hours on end. I have over 200 hours in and not planning on stopping anytime soon!
game-hours: 96.5
review: Very fun. A bit on the slower side, but you have fun while you grind.
game-hours: 26.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 404.3
review: I only tried Warframe because I noticed the art direction was exactly the same as another game, Dark Sector. Go look it up, because it's pretty neat. Anyway, it turns out Warframe was the "original" idea that Digital Extremes wanted to make. This is grand because Warframe is rather good. Back when I first started playing Warframe, it was nothing like it is now. Everything has been polished and lots of content has been added. It's your run of the mill co-op game with grinding all over the place. Thankfully, it's possible to get everything without paying a cent. Nothing outside of some cosmetics is locked from the player. All of the loot drops for schematics and parts are based on chance, but they only drop at certain locations. If you know where, you can find it. If you have some friends to play with, it's even easier to get the items. There's no publisher, such as EA, lurking over Digital Extremes and demanding things; so, there's more emphasis on pleasing the players into forking over money than resorting to  tactics to leech money, see EA (again). Chances are, you'll play this for a good 10 hours, then fork over $20 to just get a slight boost and to support DE. Warframe is a prime example of how to do Free-to-Play. Worth your time.
game-hours: 1876.5
review: I've been playing Warframes for over a year now. Up until update 14, I would have strongly reccomended this game. It ran fine on my machine with problems coming up only rarely. But, alas, since up14 it's been a bugged out mess. Sometimes I can see the UI, most of the time I can't. The planet map is at times clear, but likewise, most of the time the mission maps within the planets are undistinguishable and pixelated. Probably 25% of the time I'm in-game I experience a crash. The devs wanted to make the game more immersive, which, if they had done that within the actual missions, would have been a good idea. But they chose to redo the whole UI and greatly complicate the simple, well organized one they already had. They went for a WOW affect when you enter the game, and to some extent I think they acheived it. But in doing so it really added a lot more work to upgrade your frame or weapons. The foundry is now a total mystery to me (O, if only I could actually see it.) It's now a real PITA to make even simple changes., so sadly I've all but abandoned the game. I will check in from time to time to see if they are fixing the MANY problems, and maybe if they do I'll recommend this game. But until then, I'd pass on it, at least for now.
game-hours: 549.8
review: I have invested many hours into Warframe. Despite that, I still have mixed feelings about it. As a sort of mmo-shooter, it controls quite well, and delivers on the fantasy of playing a sci-fi space ninja in power armor shooting a machine gun while running along a wall. That said, as a F2P shooter, the game can begin to get repetitive as it asks you to either grind for materials or pony up cash to get in the fast lane. This wouldn't be that bad, but classically, someone could just buy a game for 60$. Now, 60$ will hardly unlock 1% of a game. The game is constantly being updated, which is a boon and a liability. Its always nice that there are events happening, new weapons, and new characters to play as. However, new updates often break existing gameplay or completely redo how weapons, damage, and equipment works, to the extent that if I don't play for a month, I will come back and find all my knowledge has been invalidated. I generally find myself spending more time on the wiki than in the game, as there is a lot to know and the game doesn't really seem interested in telling you most of it. That said, a lot of the enhancements being made are polishing the game to a fine shine and it has seen a lot of updates in the years its been out. With all the caveats listed above, its probably the least abusive F2P game I've played, as nearly everything of value can be unlocked in game, and the based game is actually fun (unlike so many compulsion based F2P games). If you haven't already played Warframe, here's my advice. Find a couple friends, download it together, and play in a lan-party scenario. Warframe is much funner when the focus is on having fun with friends in a bombastic world than when grinding for unlocks. Its free to try, so you might as well give it a chance.
game-hours: 38.5
review: Corridor Shooter Simulator 2014 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 9.0
review: I've played Warframe way before it was on steam, and since then a lot has changed. It's always been a beautiful and High quality game, But that beauty and quality has been since made so much more interesting with a story that any Space Ninja Cowboy's will enjoy.
game-hours: 62.0
review: Warframe is a very fun 3rd person shooter that has some cool matrix style game play elements. Witht the new release the story line has been buffed up and is quite interesting. If you like short but challenging missions that dynamically change as they are unfolding this is a perfect game to try out.
game-hours: 577.6
review: very good!!!!!
game-hours: 6.8
review: i deleted dis game in alpha stage #lol
game-hours: 47.3
review: "It's like Halo with ninjas!" - IGN
game-hours: 165.6
review: Really amazing Game. The combination between Shooting and Hack 'n Slash at its finest. The Movement is great. And there is a lot of Variety in Skills, Weapons, Playstyles. Developers are really taking care of the Game, gets lot of Patches and new Stuff all the Time. Even tho the last, but very Big, Update had some Buggs, yet they are fixing it with little patches every day. Only Con i give this Game is that it might feel repetive after some Time. There are lot of Different Mission Types, still feels the Same sometimes. But others than this it's cool to see that Levels and Progress don't matter that much here. So a new Player can easily join up someone with a lot more Playtime. He may not be so effective but still he can enjoy it the Same way. Over all, Just Great Game. And i can recommend it to everyone who likes Action.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Fun.
game-hours: 175.8
review: ninja aliens in the future solar system with supernatural powers fighting robots,infestation and clones you are going to get hooked
game-hours: 58.2
review: So Nice Game
game-hours: 34.1
review: This is easily one of the best F2P games on steam, it's such a shame my computer doesn't run it very well. But I do know what I'll be downloading once I get a better computer!
game-hours: 437.7
review: lol warframe good
game-hours: 41.2
review: NEW UPDATE IS SO COOL!
game-hours: 68.9
review: Great scifi 3rd person shooter but can get a bit boring if you dont have something to work towards 4/5 stars
game-hours: 154.0
review: Space ninjas in exosuits using superpowers. Nuff said. But beyond the intriguing lore and beneath the joy you'll feel catapulting off of a catwalk and unloading a clip into the poor corporate soul beneath you, are the basic flaws any would expect to find in a free to play multipeople game. Namely finding people to play with and finding a reason for you to trek your way around every mission for every planet after you've obtained all the things you've wanted to obtain. Other than that... it's updates are fairly regular and as a game that's still finding it's feet, it has and will continue to improve in leaps and bounds. Worth making an account and sitting through a patch for.
game-hours: 8.2
review: great game, lags sometimes but Fun.
game-hours: 334.0
review: This is the free to play game I've ever spent money on solely becuase I have so much appreciation for the game and its developers. It is insanely fun and given me more hours of intertainment then most high budget Ubisoft or EA titles. It has a very cool setting, looks great, probably the most fun 3rd person shooter, and not spending money doesn't hold you back or limit your enjoyment of the game. My only complaints are the prices of the cosmetic items and, as far as I can tell, no quick matchmaking system to join a random mission on a particular planet. This game is fun, free, and definitely worth a try.
game-hours: 353.9
review: Space Ninjas the game Good if you like grind-based games, since you'll have to make everything unless you wanna pay with real money. Also good if you like shooters, can be hard at times, but gets really fun later on.
game-hours: 82.7
review: Damn Straight I Recommend this game! So much fun had with this!
game-hours: 27.9
review: pretty fun action game
game-hours: 19.2
review: electrocuted 3 dudes, jump flipped into a crowd of a half dozen more and gunned them down through a plasma shield, then wall walked across a gap to a distant platform while shooting at more dudes. fell directly into a lava pit immediately after, like a true professional. 12/10
game-hours: 279.4
review: Its not Pay to win.
game-hours: 567.6
review: The lights in my house flickered once and i thought the Stalker was coming for me. I  my pants. I should stop playing Warframe so much. 11/10 Would poop my pants again.
game-hours: 265.9
review: This game is tons of fun, from the array of awesome space ninjas and beautiful graphics to the fluid combat system. I clocked hundreds of hours into it. The endgame pretty much consists of maxing out the weapons you bought or took days to build. Each time you want to make it more efficient to max out, you have to reset its level. It's free to play, but that doesn't mean it's without temptations to spend money. It's extremely expensive to upgrade some of the mods to put in your gear, and there is a whole trading market for them. However, it's not very optimized for steam, and it shows. A few updates ago, the launcher completely stopped working, so I can no longer patch or play this game. So I recommend this to any shooter fan -- if it works.
game-hours: 54.6
review: After the tutorial this game really picks up pace. The way you play is up to you, you could use stealth or run in guns blazing essentially you are a space ninja when you start then you can evolve into more of a space ninja or into a tank when you get a high enough level.
game-hours: 2.3
review: Its a bit tricky at the start but is fun to play with other players online. Running around as ninjas destroying everything is immensley fun.
game-hours: 10.1
review: play ers - david this one
game-hours: 16.9
review: If you like Ninjas/Aliens, this is a game for you. You're a complete badass with a sword, primary and secondary weapon. Most items are able to be collected in game, instead of having to buy everything (Free to Play cliche). If you want to build items instead of buying them, it takes time to gather the materials and the building itself takes a ton of time, but is worth it in the end. Super fun, especially when with a group of friends. At first it can get repetitive, but the more you play and earn better items and new planets, it becomes more fun that it was when you started. Overall, great game!
game-hours: 100.5
review: The current game is quite enjoyable. Despite still being in a beta stage there is quite a lot of content, the combat system is dynamic and allows a lot of different playstyles. But since it is a beta it there are alos some bugs (which happen every now and then but generally dont cause too much problems (though you'll probably have to manually abort a few missions or alt+f4 the game). A few bugs I've encountered: game hanging on trying to find a squad, some hosting problems (especially if the host disconects), getting the wrong map, enemies not spawning correctly (like they dont spawn for a while - though this is great if you get this in interception missions <- atype of point capture mission). Clan battles (battles between clans that allow non clan members to fight for either side) are in my experience pretty laggy at times. I've several times experienced MASSIVE desyncs where I had to actually guess where the enemy that I just saw will be for my attacks to hit and see what I did seconds after it or even be completely unable to change or use my weapons. This is not a common problem but since the game is still in beta stage don't be surprised if it happens to you too. I really am looking forward to see how this game will evolve especially to see if Lotus (your ingame advisor/boss figure) will start giving actually useful inmission advice (instead of the usual ambigous ''you are surrounded by enemy'' or ''a lot of enemies ahead, prepare for a fight'').
game-hours: 10.6
review: This game is alot like halo but free, awsome game.
game-hours: 1.8
review: am i the only one finding it hard to download this game?? pls reply *the downloaders download is soooo slow
game-hours: 18.3
review: Its NINJAS! WHO IN THE WORLD WOULDN'T WANT TO PLAY A SPACE NINJA GAME? (IF you do, we all can't trust you)
game-hours: 344.9
review: PROs "Free" Combat is fun, when it doesn't frustrate the heck out of you. When you give a bad review they give you things. CONs "Free" Cost too much, I'm talking $5 for a color palate to customized your character with no other way to unlock! Toturial is almost none existant. Still very buggy as well and crashes often.
game-hours: 1203.9
review: Shiny
game-hours: 9.2
review: LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 3.2
review: This game is cool! Its fun and graphics look amazing. This is so futuristic i wove this game
game-hours: 12.4
review: Definatly repeditive. Nice grafics, interesting characters, but it just keeps repeating after a while. Not bad, but not something I'd pay for.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Failed to start game (missing executable) 10/10
game-hours: 73.5
review: This game becomes much more better since update 14 because it is much more user friendly now. Besides, it is the only game that I find that resemble the experience from GunZ. And it is so fun to play with as well. Definitely recommend it
game-hours: 286.2
review: Lots of action, slicing and dicing, people pinned to walls with harpoons. SPACE NINJAS??!!!! SOUNDS FUN? ITS YOUR GAME!
game-hours: 15.3
review: this game is like Mass Effect 3 multiplayer - only people still play it, and not just the level 3000 people who will totally just destroy you (<_<). Despite the random, complete overhaul of the game, it's fun as  and well.. you get to shoot aliens with random people who may or may not be total idiots, use magical powers and you even get a sword. (!) it's free too, so you don't even have to wait for a steam sale! GO PLAY NOW AND JOIN THE RANKS OF KITTYWIZARD ,.. because she needs friends ;_;
game-hours: 483.4
review: This is a combination of chaos, aliens and ninjas! One of the best free TPS I've ever played
game-hours: 112.0
review: Always improving the mechanics and UI. Good game for f2p.
game-hours: 84.9
review: i
game-hours: 6.7
review: action, action everywhere xD
game-hours: 578.5
review: I loved this game, I could play it for hours and hours! Always new content, and something fun to do for everyone.
game-hours: 656.0
review: If you do not own this game, what the actual hell are you doing.
game-hours: 157.5
review: ITS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!
game-hours: 96.1
review: .           )))  .                                    ???      .         7  6           !!
game-hours: 3.5
review: I Wish Your Charactar Was Faster And More Controlable But All In All A Good Game
game-hours: 1307.4
review: Extreme variety of weapons and characters to play from. Graphics are incredible and provides intense and satisfying gameplay.
game-hours: 141.6
review: this game is awsome it's not that difficult and doesn't bore you to death after playing like 1'000 times like most games
game-hours: 38.6
review: I... Love ... this GAME!!!! what more can I say, it's free, its fast paced and it's ninjas in space.... the controls are fluid whether using a keyboard or controller, and the community is very competitive and helpful. The clans that are in this game really do battle it out for control its amazing. It does require some hefty graphics card mumbo jumbo but even so its still great
game-hours: 21.5
review: Its an amazingly addictive game once you get into it however it is in development and bugs are common.
game-hours: 53.5
review: Insanely fun and addicting
game-hours: 231.8
review: Grindframe.
game-hours: 6.2
review: + A great alternative for Destiny! + Warframe is worth your time! + With very fascinating worlds! + Amazing crafting sistem! + Nice character customization and making system! + Funny! + Rich! - Pay to win. - Controls.
game-hours: 70.9
review: Love this game. Cant get anymore amazing than this!!! And the game is still going through updates.
game-hours: 20.6
review: It's a very beautiful game !!! ;)
game-hours: 2.3
review: This is a great game, I fell in love with it on the PS4, but it's really something you need to spend some time in and maybe a trip to the wiki or the forum to really see it's potential. If you're cool with shooting a lot of basic enemies and occasionally some badass ones, you'll be fine here. Honestly, when you're traversing half the area in a spin attack and slicing through infected like a space ninja blender, you'll appreciate this game.
game-hours: 54.5
review: I Am a Sandwich this is a fun game play it or i will take over the world and eat all humans like you eat us
game-hours: 387.2
review: Ever just want to feel like a badass? This is the game for you. You play as superpowered space-samurai, called Tenno. You and your fellow Tenno will fight across the entire solar system against a legion of bloodthirsty space marines whose very DNA is degrading from 'over-cloning'; a sprawling corporate private army of high tech robots and engineers; and the endless hordes of the 'Infested'-- a techno-virus cranked up to 11 that has mutated and corrupted the space marine clones, and the corporate robotics/engineers into relentless primal killing machines. Fear not though- for you and your brethren have at your command the power of the gods themselves. You are able to conjour up infernos, hurl lightning bolts, and bend the fabric of space-time itself. Not only this, but you are clad in ancient war armour from a lost civilization, which allows you to perform superhuman feats, and weather incredible amounts of punishment. Add to that a gigantic arsenal of weapons that would make any collector green with envy- AND the ability to use them like they were a part of your very body and you become unstoppable. You awake from cryosleep after an unknown amount of time to a devastated solar system, surrounded by multiple enemies hell bent on your utter annihilation, and have noone to rely on but your few brethren and the weapons at your side. Your enemies don't stand a chance. TL;DR: Primarily PvE. You are a badass space samurai with super powers. Aesthetics and graphics are fantastic, gameplay can get kinda grindy, but grinding is not required to enjoy the game- its only for the endgame stuff. Cash shop, but the game is not Pay To Win. (Even if it was its a pve game, so...) Finally: It is free2play so you have nothing to lose by trying it.
game-hours: 15.4
review: dopeness
game-hours: 386.4
review: Every update makes the game bigger and better. Development team actually listens to the community. Slightly repetitive at times, but it is all for growing more powerful. Probably the best free to play game currently out there. Real money features are actually implimented well.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Got to level 3 and a guy called me a noob when he was over level 30 and wasted money to look like a pimp. 11//10
game-hours: 9.2
review: 1 one word, AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZZZZZZZZZZZZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1.0
review: Cool game :)
game-hours: 171.8
review: This game is awesome but there is a flaw the items i buy at the steam community market are not showing up in the game i hope this will be fixed or not this game would have been a 10/10 but because of that it is a 9/10
game-hours: 18.0
review: i loved this game its so fun my friends had fun i recommend this game hope you enjoy :}
game-hours: 136.4
review: Gud
game-hours: 1884.4
review: warframe can not be compared to any other game i have ever played. it has a backstory and a side story going on in real time, or so it seems to me. your character doesn't have a set story, leaving you free to carve your own path but in a different way than in skyrim or fallout, general sargus ruk (boss) once said "are you just mercenaries... fighting for scraps?" which i can see as one of the best descriptions i have heard, and was meant as an insult, as you don't have a goal other than to kill people and take their stuff so that you can make more stuff to kill people with, rinse and repeat. i have seen a lot of people critizising how un-ninja like the characters are in this game what with their magic powers, excessive armor, super guns and warhammers and the like but they fail to realize that these arent your average ninja... oh no these are space ninjas. magical space ninjas fighting a cyborg clone empire, a religious group that worships tech and alien zombie versions of both of those fighting alongside each other in order to kill you. the lotus(your mission director) is leading you to preserve the balance of the war between the corpus(tech worshipers) and grineer(cyborg clones) because you don't want either side to win as the grineer want to rule the entire fricken solar system and if the corpus win then they will actively search for the tenno(you) which the only reason they arent yet is bacause they are fighting the grineer, keeping the infestation(zombies) at bay and attempting to stop AladV(I hope cuz thats in the best interest of everyone as he is experimenting on his own soldiers). the grineer are trying to take over the solar system which would be bad as they would kill the tenno and lotus as they are not grineer, and trying to find a cure for the "genetic deterioration"(does that mean they get old quickly?) that is a result of generations of overcloning. the infestation are just kinda there. and they all want your head on a silver platter. do i recommend this game? this game is not for everyone but i love it and its only going uphill from here. just keep in mind that you will have to wait when making equipment andpay about $1 (USA currency) to own more than 2 warframes, 10 weapons, two sentinel(little thingys that float above your shoulder and shoot stuff) packs(thats 1 sentinel and its corosponding weapon) and use the following colors on those things: black, most greys, purple, ocorine. so there is a slight pay barrier but nothing too serious as i havn't run into a problem with it except when choosing which warframe i like better when im makeing a new one so as long as you can make choices, like shooting cyborgs, have a stomach for blood, and can wait for stuff you will love this game
game-hours: 77.8
review: WarFrame is an awesome game, not too much on the story.. I don't really know why, the story is not in-depth. However, the gameplay is ing beautiful. You may choose out of a lot of these things called WarFrames, they're like characters.. there is a lot of variety, and different builds out there.. Final rating, 9.5/10.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Legit.
game-hours: 124.7
review: halo 10
game-hours: 1329.2
review: Things wrong with Warframe right now terrible grind walls, every update introduces new content locked by a grind wall so after wasting hours you can actually play the new content or get the new item ie, the farm for Vay Hek and stance mods No replayablility in the world map because theyre the same game mods over and over, Alerts are literally the tumours of the map. Also maps quickly get stagnated and terribly linear no reason to spend any time thinking about what you have just passed since its another forced path to get to the end Extremely expensive transactions Terrible defense mechanic when most melee attacks against you have very little response time and even more difficult when youre in the middle of a combo Tons of bugs that dont get fixed while new updates are coming out with more bugs that dont get fixed while more updates come out with newer bugs that dont get fixed . . .
game-hours: 23.0
review: two word: ninja's with guns get it now
game-hours: 11.1
review: 9/5, would play again- #Pcmasterrace
game-hours: 4.5
review: its ok
game-hours: 20.3
review: Game is great has a good challenge i would recommend to dark soul players
game-hours: 190.7
review: Fun
game-hours: 289.6
review: Tenno out of Tenno
game-hours: 197.2
review: its cool
game-hours: 270.9
review: I realy like the game, But this update Fcked me And Many Many ppl big time, cant even log in for more then 10 minutes.... That is when im able to log in wich is not many times atm
game-hours: 32.9
review: good......
game-hours: 673.4
review: , , ,      ,     ...  .
game-hours: 655.4
review: Booben. That's all.
game-hours: 887.8
review: I've been playing this game since Closed Beta. 10/10 on my spectrum.
game-hours: 253.5
review: The game was more awesome before when the fusion cores werent that rare but i still like it for some rerason.
game-hours: 121.3
review: Very fun game, sadly I chose the wrong day to start playing as a glitchy patch made it hard to log in or even play so now I'm stuck in a loop whenever I log in, hope they fix this soon so I can play ;D
game-hours: 604.2
review: Because it is insanly addicting you have a lot to do and it is multiplayer and it kicks
game-hours: 21.9
review: a free to play game with better graphics than most paid games and alien free running space ninja super suits. nuff said.
game-hours: 18.7
review: Great game, but needs friends.
game-hours: 224.5
review: One of the best games ever.
game-hours: 18.4
review: I've been playing this game for a few months now, and I have to say that it's a blast. Definitely one of the best free to play games out there. The only minor complaints is that the parkour system can interfere more than it should, preventig you from entering vents and such, and they could make a few improvements to how the Clans work out. Also, it gives a pretty crappy tutorial. Other than those, however, the gameplay is nearly flawless and very fluent. Using parkour is an all out blast, and dicing apart baddies has never felt more satisfying. Seriously, give this game a shot. It's totally worth it.
game-hours: 46.4
review: is gud game plz play.
game-hours: 58.9
review: Great shooter with interesting RPG abilities and with badass ninjas
game-hours: 61.2
review: This game is probably one of my favorite free to play's on Steam. There are certain things you can pay to get, or you can craft them yourself. Amazing graphics and original concept.
game-hours: 121.6
review: Great game, still in open beta, and could use work, but best F2P shooter I've found on Steam. Mobility is awesome, graphics are nice, melee combat isn't a button for "I win." It's great.
game-hours: 182.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 130.2
review: This game is great for single or multiplaying
game-hours: 1037.4
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 945.2
review: The best third-person game played, but somtimes it becomes boring (because of farming resources). Every big update returns player back to game. It's just beta. Ninjas play free.
game-hours: 204.7
review: Pros... its a free game, amazing graphics, addictive gameplay, controller support, new content is added all the time, Cons... since its a free game the micro transactions make the game a P2W(pay 2 win) since you can buy pretty much anything and if you don't decided to pay you have to grind and grind and grind to get the mats to build the items you want and after you killed all the bosses the game becomes a repetive grind for everything, the chat/invite system is to complicated but my main issue with this game is the lag problems it has, since the party host is the server host it depends on the connection they for you to have a playable experience other wise you have a 1-6 second delay on everything, you can shoot an enemy and see him die but the body will still be around cluttering the screen that means that you will have a massive amount of enemies just standing around blocking your attacks. i have a pretty decent connection(100Mbps/100Mbps) so i know its not my connection causing the issue and its seems that the only solution to this problem is to find people that have good connection and play with them, if the devs can fix this problem i can overlook all the other issues and actually enjoy the game.
game-hours: 1472.4
review: Good game with nice graphic. Unfortunately, the current mechanic is shoot, hide, regain shield, press abilities then back to shooting--> repeat. The game missing some strategic/team gameplay. Scale abilities are nice, too bad they changed that on some frames. There is a lot of grinding and RNG system. Sometimes the whole game feel like it is all about grinding. Since this is still in Beta, the dev will keep nerf and buff frames/weps randomly from time to time. So if you happened to have a favorite frame or wep, don't expected it to remain the same later on. I really enjoyed all the event competitions between clans. If only the event is not all about grinding to get high score that is. Very nice atmospheric game, it really do make you feel like you're in space.
game-hours: 229.0
review: You get to be a robot ninja... in space
game-hours: 13.4
review: Its a free to play so i gess its good
game-hours: 10.1
review: At first it's really confusing, but once you get used to it, it is a really decent game. 7/10
game-hours: 428.9
review: Well i've put a couple hours into this game, got all the prime warframes now, and today marks the date of Update 14. perhaps the biggest update Warframe has had... do i like it? PLAY IT
game-hours: 149.6
review: Nintendogs got really gritty in the future.
game-hours: 229.2
review: A very solid piece of work for an independent studio. Works well with F2P model, not pay2win, though sometimes I felt like they were pushing me to pay a little too hard (or tempted me too much:-) ). If you enjoy action co-op games give it a try. The only minus in my opinion was its art style, but that is a matter of taste.
game-hours: 1.8
review: k
game-hours: 219.6
review: It handles like Mass Effect 3's multiplayer and if you squint, you might think you're playing a game set in the ME universe. For a Beta, this is a beefy game. Lots of characters to play as and weapons to kill with. There are over 100 missions to complete on various planets. I'm loving this game. Haven't had a bored moment yet! Don't be scared away by the Free To Play tag. It is definitely not Pay To Win. EVERYTHING in the game is accessible to free players with the only strictly purchasable items being cosmetic. Warframe is the shining example of a F2P game made with the players in mind. Now with pets!
game-hours: 26.8
review: Is good
game-hours: 203.9
review: how come i cant play
game-hours: 8.9
review: Free to play is an awesome concept and Warframe is entertaining enough that everyone should give it a shot. Vastly confusing and has a rather steep learning curve, but once you get the hang of it, it's really a lot of fun.
game-hours: 33.1
review: I punched a guy, and he exploded... I'm quite sure its a good game...
game-hours: 15.5
review: warframe is a very good game worth your time allowing countless hours of gameplay with yourself or with friends
game-hours: 17.1
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 138.3
review: this new update is kinda of a drag though. there isnt even a log out or exit button anymore. i loved how it used to be.
game-hours: 31.2
review: i can punch bullets
game-hours: 286.3
review: Sliced my way through a horde of infested and swung my way through a hole in the wall that led me to my never ending decent through the bottom of the map. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Fun game and lots of content but alot of which is only accessible by using real money or grinding a whole lot which can become very repititive
game-hours: 336.2
review: For a F2P game, Waframe has surely made a name for itself. This 3PS is very impressive in terms of its unique character set, diverse environmental setting and large weapon selection. This game is so beautiful on a pc with high and Nvidia settings on- the attention to detail is mind-blowing, enhancing the gameplay tenfold. As the game has progressed over time, more and more functionalities have been introduced in order to create an easier to understand interface within the modding and mapping systems. Join the Tenno forces today, if you think you're Ninja enough! P.S: Update 14 just came out! And I must say, it just sets the game to an entirely new level of OMGAWESOMESAUCENESS!!! I already thought this was possibly the best F2P game out there, but now I can say that with no doubt what so ever. The interface is far more interactive, pulling you into an interactive prologue which explains a bit about the Tenno and their history, and the intergalactic war between the Grineer (and Corpus). The game has become even more realistic on its sci-fi basis by providing players with their very own warships, to which they can build upon and travel through the voids of space in to distant and neighbouring planets. Also...you get pets now...and Ordis! :3 <3 <3 <3 Honestly a damn good game! *Such Fangirl* *Many wow* :P
game-hours: 0.3
review: Warframe, is a nice refreshing challenge from other team games. I love TPS games and I like feeling like a NINJA ... lol. Yes, there are issues with the game at times, but what game is actually perfect? I enjoy the fact there's constant updates to the game. I shall be checking out the newest update and finally get my ASH so I can be happy. Keep it a coming !!
game-hours: 191.1
review: I was only thirteen years old, I loved warframe so much. I had all the Orokin cells and Neural sensors . I prayed to Kikbot every night before bed thanking him for the life I have been given. "Warframe is love" I say, "Warframe is life." My dad hears me and calls me a . I knew he was just jealous of my devotion to Warframe. I called him a . He slaps me and sends me to go to sleep. I'm crying now and my face hurts. I lay in bed, it's really cold. A warmth is moving towards me... I feel something touch me... It's Loki! I'm so happy. he is my favorite Warframe. He whispers in my ear "This is my Prime." He grabs me with his powerful Tenno hands, and puts me on my hands and knees. I'm ready... I spread my  cheeks for Loki. He penetrates my . It hurts so much, but I do it for Loki. I can feel my butt tearing and my eyes start to water. I push against his force, I want to please Loki. He roars a mighty roar as he fills my butt with love. My dad walks in. Loki looks him straight in the eye and says, "It's all Prime now." Loki leaves through my window. Warframe is Love i say, .... Warframe is Life
game-hours: 8.5
review: I love this game because well you can play this game for hours on end. This is a great built game (if that makes sence) but any way I love how you can play this friends and or anyone that has this great game. so many places to explore and the cutomisation is great to your character and guns/weapons!!!! 10/10
game-hours: 4.7
review: Played this game off and on. Usually in between my other games, but loved it every time. Sword, guns, bad @$$ fighting game. 11/10, updates keep it fresh as well.
game-hours: 845.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1.7
review: epic gg
game-hours: 13.3
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 20.9
review: TEENNNNOOOOOO! Pros: - You can be a cyborg ninja. Cons: - Sometimes you just get one-shot randomly. It's cool though, you have 4 revives a day. Oh, you got one-shot again? Welp.
game-hours: 228.8
review: yeah!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 93.7
review: I only played this game for a little while, before this last patch, and the gameplay was fun. The only problem was that it was kind of odd and clunky to navigate around. This new patch fixed that and the UX and UI are brilliantly redone. It really doesn't feel like a free-to-play game now. The gameplay is still really fun, it's running, gunning, and grinding. I'd recommend this game for anyone who likes a fun game that has a lot of gameplay, unlockables, and grinding (although that is optional, but not p2w).
game-hours: 15.9
review: this is awesome adventure game which is a bit like halo you have a choice of 3 characters with awesome powers
game-hours: 1.7
review: Iz gud!
game-hours: 101.4
review: You will definetly enjoy this game if you like cutting clones into bits and filling robots with lead. I have to say, it takes a while to get good items at a high tiers For the SWARM
game-hours: 99.8
review: Warframe is fun in the way that makes you happy for an afternoon and question your life when you play 90 hours of what is essentially a slightly above average TPS with 40 different rooms.
game-hours: 102.7
review: It's fun. Get it.
game-hours: 123.7
review: pretty cool with really simple controls lots of gameplay and action its not a p2w game
game-hours: 70.1
review: Fast frantic fun. The fact that it's free to play, makes it even more sweeter.
game-hours: 14.6
review: Overall, Warframe is pretty cool. You get swords, guns, swords and guns, etc, and get to destroy tons of enemies with them. The damage system is really deep, with different types all affected by the different mods you apply to your weapons. One thing is that everything is very expensive, so you will have to grind a lot of resources, but re-playing levels endlessly isn't so bad when you do it with an awesome crew of friends.
game-hours: 66.4
review: Aww yiss moda blooping Explotions and waste of time for very cool stuff like new frames and new weapons arm up with swords bow's crossbow's shurkians, kunais feel like an armed futurastic ninjas and stuff
game-hours: 575.4
review: A GREAT game with a lot of weapon and gear it's worth playing it.
game-hours: 51.2
review: iz zguuzy and iz verry guud play it fur 10000000h and gg gl this make no zence lul wat?
game-hours: 0.8
review: This Game is GREAT is has good graphics awesome powers and more........I would recommend this game to everyone. 9/10
game-hours: 491.8
review: This is an apsalutely greate game! i couldnt imagin a single better one. fantastic graphics, great gamplay but sometimes lag spikes. Awesome game 5/5
game-hours: 13.5
review: best game yet i love it with the ninja type way
game-hours: 4.7
review: Two nincompoops made me play it but its an ok game though.
game-hours: 340.0
review: I have played this game for a very long time, and It has come a long way. A year ago today the Mercury tile set was the only tile set, and now they have antire planets! I love this game, and I will follow it untill the multiplayer servers are no longer officaly hosted and then some. Keep up the good work Digital Extremes, and thanks for this amazing game. `BIG-HEAD HANCHO
game-hours: 5.2
review: Good Game 4/5 skulls, wood recomend to all famly and freinds. GG everyone this is crakin up to be a grate year in gameing history.
game-hours: 154.0
review: if you like call of duty and battlefield 4 plus 3rd person view, then this is the game for you 8/10
game-hours: 576.4
review: No
game-hours: 13.6
review: so much fun for f2p game
game-hours: 20.6
review: BEST GAME!!! well maybe not the best game but this game are really fun
game-hours: 80.7
review: Playing as a "ninja" is fun and adds a whole new style of gameplay but depending which country you are playing from.....the lag can be quite bad when you play with others. Other than that, it's generally very fun.
game-hours: 3.6
review: This is actually a fun game, I can see where it gets "grindy" but that's just one downside. It has plenty of good sides, like the fact that you're a ninja... Come on now, a ninja. i just wish it had a Player vs player mode. Now that would be beast.
game-hours: 37.6
review: So fun with good game system
game-hours: 5.7
review: I'm going to say that yes, I would definitley reccomend this game. It is a very fun game that does require some skill. I lke the fact that you do have the option to stealth your way through missions, or go guns blazing and tank your way through. The starter quests I will say are quite helpful and really hlep you get accustomed to the game. I love the hacking implemented into it, and how you can stop enemies from triggering alarms and such. I do not, however, recommend doing this game completley solo. Although it is a lot of fun, the missions that are on par with your level can prove to be quite difficult, especially if you're a noob. Overall, I very much so enjoyed this game. It can be a bit stressful when clearing out enemies and hakcing computer consoles, but that makes it that much more enjoyable. I like AI, how they will hide behind walls and such when they become aware of your pressence, and I find it quire humours how you can stealth kill an enemy right in front of the others and they just stand there and completly disregaurd the fact that their friend is laying on the ground with an arrow stuck in his back. Overall I'd give this game an 8/10.
game-hours: 156.8
review: Highly Recommend this game. best to play with friends to get the most out of the competitive side of the game
game-hours: 18.4
review: nice <3
game-hours: 66.5
review: Such good game. Can cut people in half and vaporise their body into thin air. 10/10 Good if you have friends with you on skype playing.
game-hours: 8.4
review: this was a very fun platform shooter with epic bosses and cool metroid-halo futuristic level design. i would recommend this to anyone with a fast graphic processor (i like the game enough for the lag to be ignorable).
game-hours: 29.8
review: Great Game 10/10
game-hours: 95.6
review: 3rd person action shooter what more could you want?? everything about this game is well polished and mostly complete, apart from the platimiummmmm prices
game-hours: 67.8
review: everything is good accept that it is free to play and you can only really do the same thing and thats just to get new items but its still a great game
game-hours: 783.5
review: This game is awesome,,, really good game,,, jumping, shooting,, and cooooolllll man,,,
game-hours: 85.9
review: one of my fav games on steam probaly better than tf2, very adictive, very fun. But please bring the old map screen back the new one is confusing, the idea of a ship is done well another problem is that my resources keep disapearing before the update o had 7 morphics and 100k now i only have 3 morphics an 4k
game-hours: 14.3
review: its amazing but theres a glitch that stops you of getting the mercury nav segment
game-hours: 209.3
review: Awrsome game with some many things to do with epic powers
game-hours: 86.9
review: Warframe is one of those games that grabs your attention right off the go. Grapically it's realistic game play challenges even the most attentative to detail and the game play is just unreal. Fans of Sci-Fi orientated play will rejoice in the combination of challenges that come with each level. I was hooked right from the opening sequence and look forward to more.
game-hours: 268.1
review: Okay, so right up front: Space Ninjas. Did that sell you? If so, go ahead and install. It's free and like, space ninjas. No? Okay, i'll see if I can help. I'd call it a grindy exploitive mess, but the basic gameplay is so ridiculously solid and fun that I just don't really mind the cash-shop . The cash shop is crazy overpriced, but if you wait for the potential daily 50% off coupon it's not bad. It's also completely optional if you're okay with grinding. If you don't know, it's a third-person co-op shooter. It's got a lot of emphasis on run-and-gun though rather than the usual cover-based stuff. It's got this really cool movement system that allows neat parkour antics and the gunplay is really satisfying. It's a little unforgiving to newcomers so it's likely you'll need to look up some youtube tutorials before you understand some of the more complex systems. It's worth the time investment though. EDIT: Since writing this review the devs have gone through a lot of effort to streamline the learning experience and it's much better now. One thing i've really got to highlight is how SPECTACULAR this game runs. I was able to pump this game up to maximum setting easily on my pretty mid-range rig and it looks fantastic and runs at a full 60fps even with hundreds of characters on screen. Likewise it was optimized well enough that I got it running on my $300 laptop as well with no graphical lag at all. This game works on literally ANYTHING. Fantastic work. The world's neat looking, there's some light sprinklings of story and lore, but for the most part it's all about that grind. I like it, but it definitely takes some work to get properly into.
game-hours: 817.1
review: Very grindy when you are starting off, but once you manage to get going, this game becomes tons of fun
game-hours: 91.1
review: great game fun with friends <3
game-hours: 212.6
review: best f2p game evah.
game-hours: 37.2
review: Ninja's everywhere.
game-hours: 595.1
review: Space Ninjas, enough said :)
game-hours: 141.3
review: Catch me if you can.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Nice . You get to play with your tight biosuit and alien ninjas friends in coop fashion against some ugly controlled bots. Thing is.. if you want to get a better suit, more tight (sexy) to your body than the current one you have to spend some  in it. This is a game for people that likes ballet.
game-hours: 219.4
review: i like it but its hard to build wapons and warframe and there alot of stuff i need to buy it by platinum but i had a blast with it and i still playing it
game-hours: 18.1
review: AWESOME!!!!! This game is a direct masterpiece, everything about it is awesome! I like the sci-fi feeling and everything. COOL GAME!!!
game-hours: 80.5
review: It has its limitations, but for a free-to-play shooter, it's actually pretty fun. The story is pretty interesting too. My biggest peeve is that it gets very repeptitive after a while. Otherwise, I rather like it.
game-hours: 49.0
review: its pretty boring when u play it for too long :/
game-hours: 0.6
review: warframe is a fun third-person shooter in space. like a multilayer version of dead space in a way.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Pay to win
game-hours: 13.0
review: One of the best free to play games I've ever seen. Fast and fun gameplay, along with superb graphics and great multiplayer make it worth the half hour 1.7 GB download, which is tiny compared to other games.
game-hours: 502.5
review: Warframe i just have one statement BADASS NINJA KICKING, JAW DROPPING AND F2P DEFYING GAME TIS NOT FOR THE WEAK
game-hours: 584.9
review: this game never fails in adding new stuff and updating also the devs listen to what the community says, which makes it great on every updates
game-hours: 1052.0
review: i love the game but the new update SUCKS MY
game-hours: 162.3
review: Awesome <3 New Update
game-hours: 36.0
review: Very impressed.
game-hours: 97.7
review: its so cool
game-hours: 83.5
review: Want to be a ninja? What about a ninja in space?! Warframe is a fun multiplayer co-op shooter and meele combat game with many different combat styles and lots of customisation. While some of the missions can be a bit of a grind, there is enough variety and progression to keep things interesting.
game-hours: 42.1
review: ME GUSTA :3
game-hours: 91.5
review: In essence, this is what I would have wanted from any multiplayer function to come out of Mass Effect. The feel of the game is in fact similar to the series, but differs in the heavy incorporation of platforming andstylistic choices. It is obvious that the game, at this time, has some holes, particularly in platforming controls, but it is fun and visceral. I'm always a fan of co-op games, with RPG elements in particular, and Warframe, despite some short-comings, satifies that itch. Beware though, as with many games in this monetary mold there is a strong pay-to-win feel. Nearly all items of statistic consequence can be unlocked through play, but the number of hours required to do so, in untenable to anyone unwilling or unable to put in the commitment. Also be aware that the game is built around co-op. If your connection or computer is not up to the task you may find yourself aggravating fellow players unintentionally.
game-hours: 71.6
review: Space Ninjas 10/10
game-hours: 33.7
review: i like it
game-hours: 7.5
review: Ninjas get to play free. Probably one of the best sci-fi tps mmo rpg massive multiplayer games out there. 9/10
game-hours: 430.2
review: There are a few bugs like any other game, but the vision, hard work, and communication of the developers is the best I have ever seen. They release amazing content and keep me very much entertained with all elements big and small.
game-hours: 194.9
review: You'll forget u ever were alive once you play this !!!
game-hours: 8.8
review: oh man, awesome game, even more avesome when you make a teamwork! REALLY nice f2p tps game, all it needs more story... but really nice. BUT also=needs fixes... SERIOUSLY. man, i go from a really known and nice path, or tunnel, i fall down to nowhere! and there are major glitches, i added a video about it. BUT still enjoyable.
game-hours: 136.4
review: It's a game of space ninjas with a good free-to-play model; I never hit a wall in which I had to be paying money in order to be competitive. I've put many dozens of hours into it, and I'm still having a blast. Perhaps my only criticism of the game is I wish there were sometimes moments when you and your team should play slowly and methodically. Every single team match I've gone have been a non-stop sprint of slaughter. Perhaps a deliberate nature is more common on more difficult levels, but it certainly isn't for any old pick-up group.
game-hours: 52.3
review: Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others. Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines. obama ??
game-hours: 12.2
review: Well yeah its fun just does not hold my attendion very long :P uninstalled it a few times but keep coming back idk it just seems to need more thrill i guess to keep me there its very exiting its just something about it that is fun but only for short periods
game-hours: 1.0
review: This game may be great, I wouldn't know because I uninstalled after the updates were installed and I saaw I had to have an online log-in just to check it out. I installed it because it said there was single player capability, and I have no desire for multiplayer at this time. It wasn't until I had already installed it that I learned that is is an open beta (not a big deal) and that I had to create an on line account and log in just to open the program (not what I was looking for). That probably doesn't matter to anyone else but me, so unless you just really don't want yet another on line account to deal with, go fo it.
game-hours: 23.9
review: ran at a wall and jumped through the wall 10/10
game-hours: 342.7
review: I don't like the fact that in the update 14,(well in my experience of the update so far) kubrows die and I had wasted 80 platinum (currency). It feels very unsatisfying to know that I wasted money on this game. I want a refund
game-hours: 280.6
review: Very Fun, kind of unsettling/spooky single player; much better with friends. Some lag issues currently, but I expect them to be fixed soon (rubberbanding, enemies dying before I get there etc.). Be a Robot Space Ninja. RAIDEN. METAL GEEEEEEAR. AAAARRRRGGGHHHHHHHHH.
game-hours: 234.5
review: Do you like ninjas? Do you like super teched out laser guns? Do you like taking giant swords and slicing freaky aliens in half? If you answered yes to any of these questions, you have a good chance at liking Warframe. The best part is it's free!!!! :D And unlike some FTP games where you have to BUY the only good gear in the game (ehumNeverwinter) you can craft anyting you can buy with real money. And, like most games, you can trade items. This and a lot more is why Warframe is fun. Yes it can be a little repetitive at times, but it's a coop game what do you expect? This is why you should download it, and if you don't like it don't play it because it's FREE. Edit: they ruined warframe with the new mirage update. D':
game-hours: 707.6
review: Wonderful game! I love it! One of the best Si-fi FPS that I ever played, and the whole game set-up was very well planned out.
game-hours: 19.1
review: awesome!
game-hours: 1.5
review: It was alright.
game-hours: 32.8
review: This is a must try for sure. I love it. It is player Vs. AI tactical gameplay that ROCKS!!!!
game-hours: 2.0
review: A remarkable game truly unique in every element I had some good fun playing this with friends some who have spent 600+ hours on this game. I almost shocked this is a free to play game. The graphic are amazing as is the gameplay for a free to play you can not lose on this one it offer awesome co-op game play!
game-hours: 489.2
review: Its a good game but im so  tired of deleting it every ing update since it always get ed up during the update process and then i have to reinstall, nonetheless its still a good game and worth the time reinstalling -_-
game-hours: 773.1
review: If you like simple games and fully free to play aswell as have a good amount of time on your hands I would suggest no other
game-hours: 13.0
review: i dislike that when you choose a type of character you can not reset to choose a different one
game-hours: 6.0
review: Gaem 2 gud
game-hours: 699.3
review: After playing this game for over a year, i cannot endorse it. The latest update, U14, is a gigantice step backwards in terms of UI and functionality- instead of a simple UI designed to get you into games shooting things, the UI is now centered around a 'starship' that requires the player to physically walk around to interact with the various important functions, not to mention that the player model actually blocks parts of the UI menus- specifically in both mods and foundry. It was absolutley laden with bugs on release- despite being delayed a week, then a day- and still releasing at 6am the day after it had been delayed to. This delay pattern, by the way, is no means unique for the game. Instead of saying "it's ready when it's ready" THe devs seem content to announce a release date then fail to release the update on time. As for content: It's grind to grind, and absolutley rife with RNG issues. Master rank, the overarching player level system, has absolutley zero meaning besides a few pointless rank-locked weapons that the meta no longer considers viable. Once the majority of weapons and frames are leveled to rank 30, they can be sold. However, leveling them does nothing, as there is no endgame content to engage in. PvP was added as, at best, an afterthought, and is horifficaly unbalanced as a result. In over a year of updates, there has been no endgame, though there is some 'endgame content' promised, the currently released item, badlands or dark sectors (a shoutout to a mediocre at best title from the same company) serve only to allow players to access other missions in which to grind. Keep in mind that these issues are ones that have been ongoing since at least last March, and have not improved. Warframe has not improved significantly since it's 'release', and shows no signs of doing so. At best it provides maybe 20 hours worth of content, and that's being exceedingly generous. I haven't gone into other longstanding issues because it'd do nothing to illustrate my point further: the game isn't worth the time to play. If you're desperate for a F2P, this title may give you a night's entertainment, but if you're looking for a long term game, skip it.
game-hours: 515.3
review: Fu**ing space ninja with magic, hell yeah ist worth your time
game-hours: 734.5
review: I spent 1 hour petting my kubrow.... 20/10
game-hours: 371.3
review: Great game, amazing graphics, this is a great f2p.
game-hours: 527.1
review: awesome game and free
game-hours: 40.1
review: No
game-hours: 21.2
review: Space alien ninjas with swords. 10/10
game-hours: 7.4
review: I played this game and it worked 53% of the time. 9/10 Would Recommend
game-hours: 1502.1
review: Alright I decided to revise the review because of the update. So while it still has many qualities I dislike, the recent update addressed a few frustrating issues which makes me feel like they are making progress on the game and listening to the players. Even though the improvements are riddled with bugs at least they took the step towards addressing the smaller things that can make it hard to deal with. A few of my favorite things this update is the new matchmaking. Now groups are no longer dispanded after playing missions that require keys and you can invite players into an active mission depending on how far along you are. And even though many players may not like the new ship UI, took some getting use to, but I've grown to really like it.
game-hours: 326.4
review: yes
game-hours: 42.2
review: yes epic gun time nija style platformer with amazing characters weapons maps and swords there is no pay to win effect on this game u should try it 10/10
game-hours: 48.9
review: The storyline is huge , but I guess the levels need to be easier somewhat for newbies like me.
game-hours: 1897.1
review: Together with PoE the best Free to play Method!
game-hours: 425.3
review: Now with dogs 10/10
game-hours: 1056.2
review: Awesome Game!! :D
game-hours: 17.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 371.7
review: badass space ninja's..... what more to say?
game-hours: 975.0
review: I have to admit that I am addicted to this game and that I am hardly proficient in the playing of this game. I am trying to learn as I go along as it is impossible to find any step by step on how to play this game. One thing I tried to do do is keep up with the expert players that run really fast and then I realised that they are missing out on what is one of the best things in this game, the scenery, I mean just look around you and take in all the work that makes up the mission, walls, ramps, tunnels, machinery not mention the bad guys. OK, so I don't get there as fast as you guys but I do get to end and have really enjoyed the trip. Hopeing to rise in rank. My Graitude to the guys that make this Wraith of Hell
game-hours: 397.9
review: Easily one of the best free to play games to ever exist. DE have done a wonderful job with Warframe. Defnintly worth the download.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Op easy =D
game-hours: 268.9
review: Space guns, aliens, and personal space ships. What more do you want?
game-hours: 473.1
review: Become the super badass killing machine you have always dreamed of. Kill enemy with style and grind, build and gather all the bling frames and weapons you can find because nothing makes more proud of yourself. And did I mention your own bloodhound which you grow from puppyhood to a loyal companion?
game-hours: 44.7
review: well its free
game-hours: 50.2
review: i do recommend this game , but its a huge farming fest and getting another warframe or weapon requires tons of time of constatntly playing which was the reason why i stopped playing the game from time to time. Buying the items using real money isn't the cheapest option too. Other than these complains its a really nice game with an excellent art style and fancy moves that you can combo effortlessly!
game-hours: 55.5
review: The game is better after the update and it become more simular to Bungie's Destiny but the graphics are too high for my PC. I would realy like to chose the graphics quality myself so i can run Warframe smoothly.
game-hours: 18.2
review: Hell of a fun in Co-op mode or even single player..public doesn't really work that well because most of the random players got a bad connection. You start from a space ship hub where you can unlock different planets to travel, new warframes, weapons or companions. On the planets you fight simple enemies in similar levels but hey, you can walljump and... CHOP ENEMIES IN TWO PIECES WHILE SLIDING 10/10!!!!! :D
game-hours: 1225.3
review: Space Action!
game-hours: 6.2
review: good solo /co-op game
game-hours: 284.3
review: this is a great game but since most of it is pay to play and it costs alot to get waframes and gear its nt the most in tune game for an online game also the new change to the game has left all of us warframe gamers lost to what we do now most cant mpve or do anything and other are pissed thatthere is yet more pay to play things in the world of warframe but dont take me wrong it is or rather was a great game but this change has mostly left it far less fun and wantably by todays players if warframe took up the more modern way of pay to play like being able to sub to them for monthly payments far more players would be here and i think i would love it far more since it would be alot easyer to use gear and warframes if you got them all for a monthly payment in the ned it used to suck a bit now its just worthless to play if you dont care about either 1 losing a boatload of cash or 2 looking like a moneyless penny pincher then it will be fun other wise play another mmo as most are bettter than this
game-hours: 159.8
review: THIS GAME IS INCREDIBLE. AND EVEN BETTER BECAUSE IT IS STILL OPEN BETA (LOADS OF THINGS TO BE ADDED). I'M CAPS LOCK CRAZY BTW
game-hours: 438.1
review: If you love grinding or putting copious amounts of money into the game to avoid said grinding, this is the game for you. Otherwise, the combat is entertaining and fast paced, and the various suits you use are distinct and enable you to play the game the way you see fit.
game-hours: 538.2
review: This is a game about space ninjas, a game can't get much better than this.
game-hours: 60.9
review: Amazing Devs, so many updates, so active with community. They are reason enough to play this game.
game-hours: 2456.6
review: Best Free to Play Action MMO 10/10
game-hours: 6.6
review: i love it.
game-hours: 51.8
review: One of the coolest and best F2P's out there. Definitley worth the try.
game-hours: 70.0
review: Yes, yes, and more yes. The words "no" and "bad" don't exist when associated with this game.
game-hours: 10.1
review: This game is really great. The only thing that could be upsetting is that at times you may want more power with your weapons and you just will not get it unless you mod your weapons or find all the parts for your blue prints. It can be very challenging. I feel almost like I cannot avoid taking damage, but you can definitely deal damage. All in all, I do enjoy this game and it is holding my interest. Also, it is a plus that you can PVE in it unlike some other free-to-play action games.
game-hours: 430.6
review: If you think ninjas are about swords and throwing stars, THINK AGAIN! We got flamethrowers, miniguns, shrapnel cannons, grenade launchers, and some dude named Rhino...Oh, and if ninjas are stealthy, warframes are freaking rambo on drugs.
game-hours: 298.5
review: GET.TIS.GAME!!
game-hours: 41.0
review: Unique MMORPG coupled with FPS plus free style hack and slash, and on top of that, you get to customize your equipments, skills and progression of your characters just as you would in a MMORPG. Great!
game-hours: 2.9
review: Needs to be on Xbox One
game-hours: 1096.7
review: Great Graphics and game play. Good fun for groups and solo. So many options to play.
game-hours: 86.8
review: farkn sickkkk
game-hours: 13.3
review: A lot of fun, yet also quite complicated. The only reason I would say i would facepalm is because of the rank up system
game-hours: 26.0
review: After the update 14 the game has a few bugs, but I'm sure they'll fix it in 2.0. They need to fix it where uninstalling mods during fusion won't freeze the game. Fixing the kubrow quest because even if you get an egg it doesn't allow you to hatch it, and you can't get another egg since you already have one. Also the combat system for the kubrows since they suck, so they need to fix that too. Other than that this game is quite nice, it is a fun game, and I think i'll give it 8/10 Maybe giving armor to the kubrows, and fixing those bugs and the combat system for the pets.
game-hours: 103.9
review: Quite possibly the best Free to Play game I've ever played. Stunning visuals, smooth gameplay, excellent combat system and gear selection. I highly reccomend this.
game-hours: 164.1
review: Ive been playing this game a lot over the past 4 months, so far I'm really impressed. Great Graphics. Smooth gameplay. Action packed levels, easy learning curve, tons of weapons. New content gets added on a regular basis and patching is quick and problem free. Dozens of game modes. In-game clans even get a sci-fi customizable/expandable base. Craft new weapons and armor out of materials and blueprints found while blasting and slashing your way through intense hoards of aliens, infected, space marines, or other awesome things. Not just any weapons and armor, but awesome sci-fi-ninja- medieval-laser-explosion-missle bow and arrow-jet hammer-living plasma rifle-gravity and time-space bending weapons and armor. Etc. There is no end to the new weapons and stuff I can make and, Suprise!, every time its something cool and ridiculous. Thumbs up.
game-hours: 304.7
review: Warframe was one of the very first games i got on steam. Frankly, i dont have any regrets. Its perfect for people looking for a game with awesome gameplay and weapons. It also has some nice art and mechanics. Only downside is, if ur a person without a lot of time, then this isnt the game for u. U would have to spend SO MUCH TIME getting the weapons and mods, but for me, thats really fun
game-hours: 14.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 3.6
review: generic ballistics, poor story, it's free, though, and unlike most games it's not Pay2Win AT ALL, because of course paying will get you things faster, as with most f2p games anyway. I'm just not a fan of grinding, but for a free game, it's pretty cool.
game-hours: 0.6
review: 10/10 Like skyrim but with guns- IGN
game-hours: 138.0
review: Update 14 intruduces many new things that appear to be for the better, but sadly you'll likely have LOADS of bugs, such as freezing out of your game and having to reboot the entire thing, connection issues to parties, having to possibly solo quest missions that will likely be too hard, boss scaling so once what was easy is now a super pain in the  when you just want to get something done. Don't bother getting the game until they can actually fix it. Before I get replies saying that it's me, I can assure you that it isn't, I've done everything to "troubleshoot" any problems, I have a good PC, and run on low graphics settings, and have 20upload and 40download, all ports are properly forwarded, and I've tried with/without them forwarded, same results, I've had other people have the same problems as me. IF in the event your game is working properly, you're lucky, but I've had it with the game, and will no longer be continuing to play it.
game-hours: 112.0
review: One of the most fun games I've played in a long time. It gives the feel of an over the shoulder shooter while still sustaining that feel of an RPG. With the multiple choices of weapons, frames, and toys in the game one is sure to not become bored very easily. Their is alittle grinding to the game to get some items but in the long run it doesn't take all that long really.
game-hours: 253.6
review: I have played this game, for so many hours (I only recently obtained it on steam so my hours here doesn't do that statement much justice), and I can competently say this game is AWESOME. Flawed, but awesome nonetheless. Pros, fast paced gameplay with parkour elements, tons of weapons, warframes, and customization, and a very balanced system overall. The designs in this game are incredible and extremely unique. The designs of the warframes themselves is very unique and has this sort of, organic, alien feel to it. Combat is fun, fast, and visceral, killing tons of enemies and watching their bodies get ripped to pieces and steam from the heat of your blade is so satisfying. Plus, the graphics themselves is very flashy, with glare EVERYWHERE, giving the game a very cool and unique style to its looks. Not to mention the very interesting parkour system, sliding, wallrunning and jumping, and climbing allows you to move in some ways I've never seen in a TPS. The music is also very stylised, instead of guitar riffs or epic choirs, its all very drum heavy, attributing to the game's style of "ninjas in space." However, my problems with the game began to sink in after awhile. First off, this game is WAY too freaking grindy. So much grinding to get parts to build . SO MUCH. And its always the SAME freaking boss that you have to kill. Plus, once you finally do get enough freaking parts to build your stuff, it always takes DAYS, why? Who knows. Another thing is, while the games graphics are very appealing, the particles could definitely use some work. Explosions and blood splatters look awful, yet anything using physX actually looks really damn cool. Also, this game is way too money heavy, I like it in a F2P game where the pay currency is kept to cosmetics and thats it, but here, EVERYTHING can be bought with the pay currency. Resources, weapons, cosmetics, warframes, everything. Seriously, you can even get rid of the waiting time for your stuff with the stupid currency, its ridiculous. And if you dont pay, everything in this game then takes a lot of time, a LOT of time. However, even though this game is heavily flawed, it is an excellent game, definitely worth playing.
game-hours: 393.0
review: You are a cybernetic ninja fighting against an empire with a lust for war; a high-tech race of advanced cyborgs, robots, and powerful corporate conglomerates; and a scourge that threatens to wipe out and corrupt all life. Also, you are an alien. Those warmongers I mentioned? Those guys are from Earth. Those robot dudes? Experts at technological warfare and cybernetic manipulation. The scourge? It's a  Zerg infestation (FYI it's actually called "The Infestation") The best part is that your ninja isn't so crass as to be just a cybernetic alien ninja, you can have a psychic cybernetic alien ninja, a cybernetic alien ninja pyromancer, you can have a complete-screwball-who-murderapes-everything-in-his-path cybernetic alien ninja, I think you get the point. If you enjoy free running, combined with well-designed maps and environments, combined with awesome enemies and bosses, combined with powerful and badass guns, combined with uberbadass melee weapons, combined with SUPER CYBERNETIC ALIEN NINJA POWERS, then this game is for you and anyone who enjoys good games.
game-hours: 27.4
review: This game is great in quality, doesn't lag at all, has so many missions the game gets more and more fun. I dont think ill ever get done with all the missions(: Get game if you like shooting guns and cutting bodies in half!
game-hours: 96.0
review: THE BEST FREE TO PLAY GAME OUT THERE! This game is amazing, the graphics, the effects, the variety of things available and everything in this game is just amazing. Of course since this is a free to play game do not expect the story of a legitmately written game with huge producers and a dedicated studio with proper funding, but nontheless, this game will be the best FTP you have ever played. The game does not look like any other free to play, and you will be happy for sure. The best part is that this game IS NOT PAY TO WIN, everything is craftable. The developer does not nickel and dime you, the only thing they want is money for customization and for slots, which is not that bad. Platinum is pretty cheap too since you can get a login reward for 70 percent off the platinum in the first place. The game is extrmemely fun to play and really represents all our childhood dreams, running around as a space ninja, with super powers and butt kicking machine guns and a kick  sword to slice and dice everything that gets in our way. I GUARANTEE YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME.
game-hours: 8.5
review: This game is fun for fans of lots of action, explosions, aliens, and most of all, combo moves! I recommend for players of moderate to advanced skills!
game-hours: 739.5
review: the developers are s
game-hours: 224.5
review: good game, but I wish there was a pvp gamemode. After a while all the grinding gets old, but its fun to play every now and then
game-hours: 4.0
review: This is an amazing action and Sci-Fi game I would recommend this to you bros, It's an amazing atmosphere of alien-like technology. I woyld recommend this for you bros. BROFIST
game-hours: 824.8
review: Ninjas play for free!!!!!!
game-hours: 129.2
review: its so good but tther is a problem with geting sum metrils
game-hours: 11.4
review: nice game :p
game-hours: 58.7
review: it just keeps getting better!!!! great game.....!!!!!
game-hours: 59.0
review: i love this game it's amazing and it has SPACE NINJAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it can't get any better
game-hours: 9.0
review: Great and addicting game.
game-hours: 221.6
review: Good stuff , but the platinum is overpriced and the chance to win cheaper platinum is xtremely low unless you just started , the plat is overpriced :(
game-hours: 59.9
review: SPOILER/PLOT TWIST: Lotus is your mum.
game-hours: 140.8
review: freeking ninjas in space,what more do you want?
game-hours: 21.2
review: what
game-hours: 191.2
review: This is a fun game with great graphics, badass character design, good weapon vairety, addictive gameplay, good sounds/music, fun to play with your friends. In conclusion: on a 1 to 10 scale, i give this awsome game a 9 out of 10. (P.S.:if you haven't played this game yet, then you have to give a chance to this game.)
game-hours: 28.9
review: Really good and even more free
game-hours: 451.0
review: WHY THE HELL ARE YOU READING THE REVIEWS? YOU CAN BE A BLOODY SPACE NINJA> GET TO DOWNLOADING PROSPECTIVE TENNO!
game-hours: 50.7
review: very good gets boring after a while so get it but i have not got very far so its very boring.
game-hours: 48.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 63.3
review: Ruined my life +5
game-hours: 810.1
review: it's alright but the recent updates have made it more and more less interesting and it's heavily p2w probably because people are losing their interest on it
game-hours: 29.8
review: Warframe is a great hack-slash/shooter game with magic, and sci-fi elements, for a f2p game, it has amazing graphics, and its overall amazing, I really dont like game with in game purchases, Its overall really fun, and great to play with freinds. 7/10
game-hours: 34.4
review: Extremely good quality, extremely good game, micro-transactions no one likes them but it is what pays for the game. Overall good content, playability and replayability. A hole lot of hours of fun stored inside and constant updates and new content, if i had more money to spend I would spend some here, no doubt! Have fun.
game-hours: 41.4
review: i do really like this game first i thought you could only get weapons and new things if you payed but when i came further and further in the game i saw blueprints which you could make the stuff with other items you get from killing bosses / survivaling and i already came pretty far in the game and it's really fun tho
game-hours: 550.7
review: amazing game i rate this #1 with the physx on
game-hours: 5.7
review: It got boring fast. Although it was fun while it lasted.
game-hours: 23.3
review: cool game but kinda tough to get into without help.
game-hours: 226.7
review: Power Rangers for grown ups. 10/10
game-hours: 251.7
review: The grind is real
game-hours: 67.7
review: for one reason THE GREATEST NINJA THIRDPERSON EVER.
game-hours: 620.3
review: Warframe is one of the most interesting F2P games out there. Almost everything in the game can be gotten by simply playing the game. And the few things you have to pay for are cheep as homebrand chips. With each warframe being its own class, the differnt ways to play are amazing. There are a few things that they still need to work on (stealth) but what that have done, they have done well. This is a game you want to play atleast once, just so you know what its all about. And with the lore comeing from DE's previece game, Darksector, there is a lot to like.
game-hours: 1.5
review: man
game-hours: 2.5
review: 10/10 Definately play!
game-hours: 54.2
review: One of the best games I have ever played. Must Get!!
game-hours: 218.2
review: Space Ninjas!
game-hours: 771.6
review: seriously, don't read this, just get the game, it's completely worth it.
game-hours: 17.3
review: explosions and stuff boom boom pew pew
game-hours: 535.6
review: AWESOME GAME!!!! PLAY IT!!!!
game-hours: 9.4
review: Very fun and consuming game. im surprised it is free, let alone in beta. I highly suggest if you like customization, fps, futuristic settings, or co-op.
game-hours: 364.4
review: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa me quede baveando como una cascada se los recomiendo
game-hours: 208.2
review: Great game play with friends or by yourself
game-hours: 568.6
review: This game is a fantastic over-the-shoulder shooter with high customization on your character, weapons, and provides diversity between yourself and your team of 4. It is easy to start but retains some challenge later on for experienced player. The best part is its ever evolving gameplay. Though it is still in Beta, the creators are always looking for new and exciting ways to expand the gaming experience and make it far more enjoyable to play.
game-hours: 53.8
review: One of the best F2P games ever. It's not P2W either, because it's not PVP.
game-hours: 197.6
review: Ninjas with guns... in space.
game-hours: 136.7
review: This game is a lot of fun. I worry about it being a long term game though due to the nature of doing the same exact thing over and over forever.
game-hours: 439.7
review: This game is Fun to play with friends, I would give it a 9/10. Many bugs but the Developers try their hardest. Very interactive staff and Developers that will reply to your post and comments on the forums.
game-hours: 8.3
review: i enjoyeds piral knights greatly when i first started into pc gaming. and when i see warframe it just flat out loks like sk for big boys to the people complaing about grinding thats kind of how mmos work if you dont want to spend time playing a game to level your gear and character then they have the cash shop but trust me on this when you spend a couple days working twards the item you want to complete a specific loadout but it's so much more rewarding to put the time and effort in yourself to actually earn it and the whole using premium currency in the auction house is something sk did to help make it more accesible to players who didnt want to spend money on the gameso all i ask of you is instead of reading post after post trying to decide if you should try the game remember one thing its free to play so just download it try it out if you dont like it uninstall if you do mayb i will see you around
game-hours: 2.1
review: YES.
game-hours: 218.7
review: no, just yes
game-hours: 8.8
review: UNBELIEVABLE JEFF!!!!
game-hours: 140.0
review: Left 4 Dead + Mass Effect + Prince of Persia... That's what you get in this gloriously over-the-top game!
game-hours: 772.6
review: This is a great game. It is very fun to play and the devs are just going at the updates! More content is being put in constantly with new updates every 2 months or so! I recommend this game to anyone looking for an inbetween game if they are just waiting to buy new ones. Its still in beta, indefinitly (unfortunantly), so watch the bugs (most of which is on the newer content, nothing serious normally, although I have had my fair share of game crashing bugs.) But for the most part its a fun 3rd person action game with alot of backstory! Hope you guys enjoy it as much as I did!
game-hours: 4.7
review: This game suprised the crap out of me its combat is fluent and indepth all in all its the best 3rd person anything Ive played on pc yet!!!!! and its free which is totally Bonanazzzzzz
game-hours: 167.6
review: Without out a doubt, I love this game, 10+ hours, but as all F2P games the P2P option is always better, but it is not terribly hard to get ito the game once you have familiarised yourself with the game and the basic know-how about, it becomes prgressivly easier. Now ganted I sometimes do see myself a little vacent for ideas on what to do but farming & Quests are always a good way to take your mind off of the grind involved in advancing through the game If you do get the game and want a freind to play with, im down to play just add me and drop me a messege telling me which one you are, IGN: Ronsha. but general rating I would give 7/10 - fun but I would like to have more content to play with (New Prime Warframes and Missions/Pass-time Events) Other than that I enjoy it greatly
game-hours: 5.5
review: kawaiiiii its a game about space ninjas with guns !!!!
game-hours: 132.1
review: ve4ry gooody
game-hours: 93.5
review: This game is just amazing but does fall into things that people hate but have to understand why it isnt soo bad waiting for items to be built - this isnt bad as alot of people belive it's to prevent some one from creating everything at one time and would ruin the fun of the game. and if you dont want to wait wait you can just buy plat when you get a daily login reward for 25-75% off of plat grinding - you can't complain about this almost every mmo requires you to go on a mission multiple times to get resources money and exp it shouldn't be complained about since again if everything was givin to you up front would ruin the experiance. P2W (Pay to win) - most people in this game refer prime access as pay to win when in reality it isnt you still have to level up your prime and/or weapons (depending on which pack you buy) I grinded for a rhino prime and i only have it lvl 5 and i can die pretty easy so it's safe to say you wont have to get a prime to still own with any warframe. besides it's pretty expensive just to get loki prime with money (80$ discounts cant apply) when you can get for free if you have enough patience. dont let these problems (if you can even call them problems) bother you and your gameplay! i would rate this game 9.8/10 the missing .2 is for current bugs that dont break the game but makes it harder to enjoy the game (mostly dialog boxes of lotus/vor getting stuck on your screen this only happen a couple of times this has probly been fixed by now.) this rating is up to debate for this game's bugs do get patched once all the bugs that mess with the game ui and dialog wse i would toaly rate this game 10/10.
game-hours: 655.9
review: This game is really fun with new contents that is constantly updating to keep you in the zone. And the best thing is... ITS FREE!!!! It takes time to master your warframes and weapons but thats the challenge in Warframe.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Basically a farming simulator, BUT, fast paced and with quests,lore,crafting,pets,future PvP and all that in Beta. Good time burner and makes you feel that you achieved something everytime you play it, even if you just leveled one of you weapons.
game-hours: 277.9
review: Warframe. nuff' said
game-hours: 2.5
review: update failed 0/10
game-hours: 7.8
review: Played this game since the date it has come out,it is very fun on the start,u are like some space ninja assasin,killing bad guys and stuff,pritty fun. After some time in my opinion it gets a little bit boring cause missions all look the same,just different enemy.The game itself is a little pay2win concept but only if u want to look good and cool,and if u want to have some badass wepons,but if u ignore that,this game is pritty fun to kill some time. :)
game-hours: 77.5
review: Best free tp play game I've played this year. Feels like mass effect meets halo.
game-hours: 405.4
review: Great game to play with friends. If you liked Mass Effect 3 Multiplayer, you'll like this. Waves of enemies, cooperative for the most part done in many different mission types.
game-hours: 3.8
review: now i dont have a big playtime on pc but you have not seen my play time on PS4...
game-hours: 57.3
review: It's an good action game, i have alot of fun when i play this game!
game-hours: 8.5
review: One of the most amazing games I've played, but still a lot of buggs.
game-hours: 5.3
review: Best FREE game I played. it has realy good graphics and the best part is you get a sword and a gun.....i damn near unstopable now.
game-hours: 839.9
review: Been playing for ages. Great Game!
game-hours: 263.1
review: tooo much micro transactions!
game-hours: 105.7
review: Very fun game. Being able to choose between Singleplayer, or Coop with your friends makes it a very enjoyable game. Recommend this one to anybody that likes Shooters, MMO style games, or games you can freely choose between single and multiplayer.
game-hours: 19.3
review: :D
game-hours: 17.6
review: its a good game with intense graphics and an insane story
game-hours: 1.8
review: This game is louds of fun even at a low level
game-hours: 77.6
review: Do not play. You will not be able to escape.
game-hours: 1764.4
review: There's definite potential. That's all it has right now.
game-hours: 10.1
review: play ers - david this one
game-hours: 16.9
review: If you like Ninjas/Aliens, this is a game for you. You're a complete badass with a sword, primary and secondary weapon. Most items are able to be collected in game, instead of having to buy everything (Free to Play cliche). If you want to build items instead of buying them, it takes time to gather the materials and the building itself takes a ton of time, but is worth it in the end. Super fun, especially when with a group of friends. At first it can get repetitive, but the more you play and earn better items and new planets, it becomes more fun that it was when you started. Overall, great game!
game-hours: 100.5
review: The current game is quite enjoyable. Despite still being in a beta stage there is quite a lot of content, the combat system is dynamic and allows a lot of different playstyles. But since it is a beta it there are alos some bugs (which happen every now and then but generally dont cause too much problems (though you'll probably have to manually abort a few missions or alt+f4 the game). A few bugs I've encountered: game hanging on trying to find a squad, some hosting problems (especially if the host disconects), getting the wrong map, enemies not spawning correctly (like they dont spawn for a while - though this is great if you get this in interception missions <- atype of point capture mission). Clan battles (battles between clans that allow non clan members to fight for either side) are in my experience pretty laggy at times. I've several times experienced MASSIVE desyncs where I had to actually guess where the enemy that I just saw will be for my attacks to hit and see what I did seconds after it or even be completely unable to change or use my weapons. This is not a common problem but since the game is still in beta stage don't be surprised if it happens to you too. I really am looking forward to see how this game will evolve especially to see if Lotus (your ingame advisor/boss figure) will start giving actually useful inmission advice (instead of the usual ambigous ''you are surrounded by enemy'' or ''a lot of enemies ahead, prepare for a fight'').
game-hours: 10.6
review: This game is alot like halo but free, awsome game.
game-hours: 1.8
review: am i the only one finding it hard to download this game?? pls reply *the downloaders download is soooo slow
game-hours: 24.0
review: EPIC GAME! Dungeon Crawling and TPS combined!!!
game-hours: 537.6
review: This game is awesome. Sometimes it can bore you with is monotony but if you find a good group of friends to play with, you will not probably get bored
game-hours: 199.3
review: Amazing game in all honesty. Stunning graphics and fast paced action to the max, awsome designs and very good controls. Community is very active and friendly. All of the shop items are available ingame so it's fair to everyone.
game-hours: 194.2
review: update 14 has some major bugs with mission in game things like my screen going black bassically crashing but this is all i have to really say about it its a really good game overall
game-hours: 158.4
review: Dont even think about it just get it... its 100% free and in my opinion its the best game i have and i have alot of great games. there is no doubt that you will like it and i gurantee that its very addicting i got addicted in like the first 10 minuites i played it and then i couldnt stop... so just get it and i gurantee that you will like it :D
game-hours: 454.0
review: This game is amazing once you really get into it. The start can be a bit disorienting, but it has been made easier lately with Update 14. Make no mistake, though, this game is a collectathon and farming marathon - you will run the same missions again and again to unlock and level all of the gear you want. The more gear you get, the more further gear you unlock, and high-end gear unleashed upon enemies is incredible.
game-hours: 21.9
review: Fun game! Great Graphics, but very very Buggy... Lacking a good story line.
game-hours: 206.0
review: My re-review for this game. The early game is still difficult. But that really depends on playstyle. The first few guns are rather crap, and you can't farm very well on solo, especially early on. The remedy to this is public play or friend play. Either grab a friend or two and team up to progress to Saturn to farm for things for new warframes or weapons, or do the same with public matchmaking. Once you start off, the game gets more fun and a little less challenging. I finally finished a new melee weapon, primary, and Rhino warframe, and was much better off than I was with my Excalibur. If you intend to play this game for a while, don't waste any time finding a new frame or primary weapon. You're going to need them.
game-hours: 42.2
review: This game is fun If you want to spend time on it. It is free so you don't have to spend money but everything is very time consuming and kinda grindy. If you don't want to spend money and have some time on your hands then it is pretty fun.
game-hours: 83.0
review: Verry good f2p game but 1 problem . Did you craft item you must wait time for warframe you must wait like 4 days to all craft is not verry big problem but okey i still like game .
game-hours: 55.3
review: amazing game
game-hours: 427.3
review: Great Game! Has Mutiple ways to fight great crafting system. No need to spend real money to continue within the game. Combat is Amazing. The Aspect of the Dojo for Clans is Amazing be able to make a base for your members to craft there items and also requires crafting. Such a good game. Check it out.
game-hours: 52.4
review: fun and insanely intense at times dont do a mission alone you are a dead man because of that people help each other and thats what you should look for in a game beacuse this game is fun
game-hours: 0.5
review: This is a fun TPS an Co-Op game.
game-hours: 764.2
review: Just see my record
game-hours: 15.9
review: dont read the comment just install it
game-hours: 121.4
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME EPIC ABILLITY!!! :D :D
game-hours: 7.4
review: Machine gun down enemies to get some uninteresting upgrades like +10% damage. Wall running seemed a cool idea but ninja moves are worthless in practice. Game glitches and freezes quite often, forcing you to alt + F4 during a mission.
game-hours: 149.0
review: Alien space ninjas. Need I say more?
game-hours: 1159.0
review: I thoroughly enjoyed playing warframe *BEFORE* update 14, and although the content added was beautiful it broke the operating system to where I could not trade reliably, or even go on missions and hope to stay logged in long enough to get my rewards. I can not reccomend it as it stands currently. Hopefully future patches will resolve these issues but I will not buy anymore plat for a game I cannot stay online to play.
game-hours: 7.2
review: Nice Shooter
game-hours: 1084.8
review: Since The Mad Cephalon update, a lot of things have really changed, and the game is getting a whole lot more immersive and user friendly. I played this game in its early stages, and compared to back then, I would say that this is a perfect time for new players to join. There is just the right amount of stuff to learn so that it will feel immersive, but not so much that a new player will get overwhelmed. I only see a good future out of this game, so come join! (My clan is recruiting, and we are geared towards getting more new players. Shoot me a message in the forums!)
game-hours: 41.2
review: Current version: sometimes the screen turns black and the "Navigation" is really annyoing...points into wrong direction or guides you directly into a horde of wolves (nearely unkillable at lvl 4). Was better before the updates!
game-hours: 0.7
review: It's free. It's cool. 10/10
game-hours: 73.9
review: U are a space ninja with badass weapons. What else do you want in life?
game-hours: 0.9
review: where is my beta key?
game-hours: 11.5
review: CANNOT CONNECT!!
game-hours: 198.0
review: Greate free game, don't have special system request.
game-hours: 144.0
review: Best game EU!!! Recommend to everyone.
game-hours: 139.6
review: I love this game and I most love that it's not a shooter if you don't want it to be. All the crafting and editing of the dojo is so fun to do. The game and all of it's aspects connect perfectly together like a puzzle. Except the new tutorial doesn't make it as confusing like a puzzle but you get my point. I hope.
game-hours: 73.0
review: Short form of my review ( I'm too lazy to write a long version) : The Gameplay is fun ( fun factor is at his best with friends ), the graphics are good ( isn't really needed as a + point because in my opinion graphics don't matter that much), it's definitly worth a try. So grab some friends an hop in!
game-hours: 1162.3
review: If your looking for a fun game with ninjas in space and mostly killing space romen empire men and some robots, this game is for you!!! (IGNORE) sadly there is alot of farming for materials that you build weapons with but, There is no  P2W in warframe and the game contantly updates with weapons, fixes, warframes and more!!! So come to warframe quickly, WE NEED YOU TENNO.
game-hours: 89.9
review: Doggies 10/10
game-hours: 131.6
review: This game is a great one. The only things that descibe its absolute awesomeness is SPACE NINJAS and YOU MUST DOWNLOAD NOW!
game-hours: 213.1
review: Awesome game once you realize it's more of a TPS dungeon crawler heavliy influenced by mass effect. You have your navigation console to pick which planet and stage, it's not like an open world. That being said, this is one of the best f2p games ever made. Everything in the game is faily easy to obtain without money(aside from a few cosmedics) and everything is based on a RGN drop rate and can be sold/traded for in game money or in game currency. It's a flawless design, you'll never feel a need to pay and you won't feel scammed if you do pay. It has extremely fast paced, high framrate action. Definitly one of the best games I've ever played.
game-hours: 451.4
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 326.5
review: Great game.
game-hours: 26.1
review: Warframe is one of my favorite games to play.
game-hours: 502.5
review: this has fun and very active 3rd person gameplay, i would highly recommend this game
game-hours: 27.0
review: Looking from a basic point of view...this is an amazing game, but in all truths do we really want to PAY for revives? do we? cause thats pretty stupid. this game however does have some amazing features that you may be able to get over the fact that you have to pay to revive when you run out of revives. such as being able to cut enemies to pieces with a katana like sword and using your ninja skills to assassinate and kill enemies quickly and crisply! the controls take some getting used to but this is overall an amazing game and i recommend it only because of these features and a few more awesome features. do not get game if you cant afford platinum! which is used for revives and buying new warframes.
game-hours: 30.2
review: THIS IS THE COOLEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!
game-hours: 423.9
review: About time ninjas got a turn. Pirates have been playing free for years. ;}
game-hours: 165.4
review: When I get to work it is a really good game.
game-hours: 842.1
review: Awesome gameplay, you will not be disapointed
game-hours: 22.2
review: this is a good game you have to try it
game-hours: 206.9
review: This game is very fun! I played it on a friends ps4 and found it on Steam.
game-hours: 142.7
review: I used tentecle porn to wipe out groups of enimies, IGN 10/10
game-hours: 20.3
review: it is only for windows it is not fair
game-hours: 79.6
review: Just gave this game a shot to pass the time, first impression.. awesome. I've heard mixed things about it and have yet to really delve into it, but i got very involved for awhile. I could see myself playing casually from time to time.
game-hours: 115.3
review: Solid F2P Shooter. Just get over the first 3ish days then you will be lovin it Also the buisness model is fair and you dont ever have to pay for content. I havent spent a penny on it. Hope you enjoy it as much as i did. 8/10
game-hours: 308.1
review: The bugs in this game, Every time they "fix" the game we get like 1000 new bugs and 1 thing fixed! :D
game-hours: 486.8
review: Ninjas in space? and i though it was an odd combination untill i played it, they also recently updated with the new kubrows and a ship for your warframe, i think its really cool, and you should play this someday, and this is played by a certain youtuber (which is me)
game-hours: 15.1
review: Ni game badass
game-hours: 20.2
review: Space ninja farmers simulator 2.0
game-hours: 883.0
review: Very fun game if you have friends to play with, but the random people you encounter can be unpredictable. Also trading is very difficult and the way the item system is set up you either have to constantly farm items non-stop so you can build your upgrades, or you have to spend your entire allowance/paycheck to buy what you need.
game-hours: 428.2
review: Just get passed Mercury, you'll love it.
game-hours: 19.8
review: YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
game-hours: 11.4
review: Warfrane is a pretty fun game. Each mission can last a while, granting you several hours of a gameplay. It is best played with multiple people.
game-hours: 1201.9
review: good game with lots of BLOOM!!
game-hours: 246.0
review: Awesome game! :) I enjoy it. Did not like it at first but once I got playing it, I got into it. If you need someone to play with just let me know
game-hours: 20.2
review: This game is great i like the gameplay but i think games that are free to play try to make you buy things or it makes it harder for you too play untill you buy stuff that will help that is anoying but other then that its a good game
game-hours: 443.3
review: Pretty good game, lots of options for various play styles, Slow to start, but once you get the ball rolling, you learn it all quickly.
game-hours: 37.0
review: Great game but i would recommend you get platnium for completing planets but you get about 50 platnium so you can buy it also but if you complete a planet you also get
game-hours: 317.1
review: Great F2P game!
game-hours: 32.9
review: It's very nice
game-hours: 15.8
review: This game is the next generation of the third-person shooters
game-hours: 18.1
review: Shoot things, get points, craft stuff, conquer the universe.
game-hours: 603.7
review: i am a space ninja assassin armed with claws only ripping through the enemies like tissue paper. 10 out of 10
game-hours: 658.7
review: can laser fabricate high tech alien weaponry from dirt, but cant auto feed a space pooch kibble 10/10
game-hours: 30.4
review: play this game... if you dont like fight style, fine, but there are bows, guns, swords, battle axes, of which you may need to craft, you do not have to spend a dime on this game, you can, but it isnt required, this game is visually AMAZING... and with that said, it runs better than anything ive ever played. Did i mention it is free?
game-hours: 39.1
review: A couple hours into this game and I already feel the nostalgia of hours of hours of sitting in the same room, staring at a screen with a mic pressed up to my face. God Bless Warframe. 10/10
game-hours: 73.7
review: This is an amazing game. Regardless of the continuous grind, there is an incredible amount of content, and the quality exceeds that of many paid games. Great job, the devs really did succeed.
game-hours: 152.9
review: holy ing ninjas in space
game-hours: 299.4
review: Great game, graphics and gameplay. - tho it is a farm fest it still hast to be one of my top 10 for 2013-14
game-hours: 150.3
review: This game blows F2P's out of the water with how much fun it can be. Feel like playing a solo stealth game? Check. Feel like blowing up thousands of aliens trying to kill you with friends? Check. Feel like doing those things with tons of weapons and [easily] over a hundred missions? Like a walk in the park for this game. The only downside that I see to this game is the lack of propper introduction and the pro's and con's of each weapon, however this is easily dealt with early on in the game. Not to mention this game is BEAUTIFUL and runs like a dream on my rig. Almost all items in the game can be obtained without paying real world currency. Oh, by the way did I mention that you are an alien ninja? No? Well you are. I can't wait to delve in further.
game-hours: 17.2
review: i like dis game.
game-hours: 643.6
review: I fully Recommend this game to anyone who loves Stealth/hack and slash/ shooting fps. It depends on your game style.. and It has updates and Everything keeps getting better. I've been a supporter for this Game This is one of the Best Free to play game yet...
game-hours: 70.1
review: One of the best f2p games I've ever played -- and I've played quite a lot of games. Short, quick, in your face action that's addicting as all hell. 'Dat loot grind, always one more match to get peice to build that upgrade to get better peices for more upgrades and unnnnnhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Ninja Gaiden meets Halo meets Dynasty Warriors meets etc. etc. etc. Good stuff.
game-hours: 507.4
review: action packed mind blowing game. If you liked Dark Sector this is the game for you because it is basicaly like a multiplayer sequel. DOUBLE THUMBS UP
game-hours: 36.3
review: I dont recommend this game, when you play for some time the maps are all the same, just copy/pasted one after the other. It gets pretty boring. Another reason for this is that it takes for ever to get stuff. Just dont waste your time playing it.
game-hours: 456.4
review: It is one of the best f2p action game. You can gather everything by playing the game but the only minus thing for the game is the routine and the story side. Co-op play and the style is well though and if you are a group you can even plan strategies for your gameplay. ...
game-hours: 819.6
review: The most addictive game I have ever played
game-hours: 19.4
review: nice i love it
game-hours: 839.9
review: Grind - A word used in any MMO representing the repetitive actions taken in order to make the character stronger. The grind is also a substitute for normal life functions. Sleeping, eating, drinking and being social are not important, when it comes to grinding.
game-hours: 1669.6
review: Playing this game will give you back your virginity, also will eat your money. Addictive like a drug. 10/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 127.0
review: Really fun, fun to farm, but once you are done farming, got all weapons you want, it starts to get boring really fast.
game-hours: 166.3
review: i do recommend this game as AWESOME!
game-hours: 734.9
review: Pros: Incredibly fun. Graphics are amazing. Wide variety weapons and "battle suits" that you can choose from. Interesting and well made parkour system that replaces classic stealth game dynamics. Still in Open Beta so lots of potential despite it already being a top notch game. FREE TO PLAY. you can pay some money to speed up certain processes but this game is all about the grind. Cons: Lacks some endgame content. but by them continuously changing the game on a weekly basis I would definitely expect that to change. Thats it in my opinion. Just be open minded about it and realise that it is in Open BETA. meaning they will be fixing minor bugs every now and then.
game-hours: 82.9
review: Amazing game, VERY VERY GOOD GAME!!!!! If you like Star Wars, Guns & Swords, Aliens and alot of Action, this game is perfect to you!!!!!!! I Highly Recommend this game to anyone like the thing upp here!!!!! And the best of it, its free@@ <3333 But you have to pay if your gonna buy things to the game (In-Game) and so long... GET IT!, Ure gonna lov it!
game-hours: 316.0
review: This game is a grindfest, and they have a entire seperate tab for the story. So that means this is a combat focus'd game it feels like dating: at first it's all nice and pleasent sitting around and blowing people off, but after a while you just plainly get bored and you have to go on like fifty rollercosters in order to actually move to a haunted house. Poorly made metaphore aside it's fun at the start but you have to do it over and over in order to get the last piece for a slightly better version of the weapon you are using. If you don't play it to often I reccomend it, if you plan on playing it for more then 5 instances then don't play it.
game-hours: 5.8
review: This Shooter is amazing. I myself normally do not like TPS (Third Person Shooters) But this one is amazing as you fight endless amounts of creatures and follow a story line with co-op. The gameplay is everything because there story line really is just to do missions through out differnt regions of space. This game i would give the story line a 4 out of 10 and the gameplay I would give a 9.5 out of 10
game-hours: 483.5
review: Awesome game :P
game-hours: 19.6
review: hippopatumoose weiner
game-hours: 26.5
review: This game is one of the best third person shooters I've ever played! List of my favorite third-person games 1. Warframe 2. The Last of Us 3. Star Wars Battlefront Series
game-hours: 266.9
review: great game, thought it was gonna be cheesy since you know, your robot ninjas in space but its a great game with a very unique play style. id strongly recommend to play it multi-player with buddies through voice chat because its a hell of a lot funner that way
game-hours: 118.0
review: In one word, Warframe is MegaAwesomeSuperDuperSwordFightingGunsAblazingActionPackedKillingMachine. This game may start out slow, and you may think that it is a pay to win. Well, putting into prespective that pretty much everything in the game can be obtained ****FOR FREE**** doesn't make it a pay to win. It is a game that takes a lot of time, though. It is also really fast paced, so don't expect to be good at sniping in a corner. You gotta be out there on the front lines chopping Grineer heads off with your pole-staff. I have lots of fun playing this game, but sometimes trying to obtain items can be a pain. Yes, you have to repeat missions many times, but who cares? The more Grinner heads rolling, or Corpus wire cutting, the BETTER! Oh, and why complain about a fully FREE game for FREE. A few problems I experience. When the game released the beta, I got it and enjoyed the simple fun missions. The game has had a lot of updates. 1. I do not like the planet map anymore. I don't know why, I just don't like it. 2. Sometimes the game stops working and crashes when I get to extraction. Please fix these problems. Extra stuff that makes it aweomse: Ninjas, The Stalker, Bows, Arrows, Sickles, Pole-staffs, lasers, gore, Warframes, Kubrows.
game-hours: 698.5
review: The game is pretty grindy, but it looks really good and plays really well. If you like shooting things and having really cool powers i would recommend this game.
game-hours: 15.0
review: this game is great when it comes to action but you might get confused on how to do certain things at first
game-hours: 1.3
review: Warframe is a good action game great graphics runs smoothly and everything the only problem that happended to me but might not happen to u is that to me it got kinda of boring but u might not feel the same way but everything else is fine so go check it out.
game-hours: 7.7
review: I sell 3 skin
game-hours: 178.0
review: I have to say this is one of my favorites; great gameplay, badass weapons, and awesome warframes! I can't wait to see more!
game-hours: 132.0
review: Space Ninjas, pretty tight. 10/10
game-hours: 59.9
review: Great game 9.5/10
game-hours: 61.4
review: ing amazing game I love it I wish alot more of my friends played this with me so I can get my small clan up in size!!!!! but ya ing awsome game!!
game-hours: 13.9
review: ULTIMATE MLG PRO SIMULATOR! 420/10
game-hours: 1.1
review: ... nuff said
game-hours: 1010.3
review: Alright gonna say this now but for people who don't like to grind/gather/wait for your equipment to build. Don't waste your time. As for everyone else, I highly recommend atleast trying this game. Everything in this game can be obtained (besides a few retired items) without dropping a dime into the game. Region chat can be random but always fun to read also.
game-hours: 211.1
review: It is slowly eating me alive and I love it.
game-hours: 437.3
review: its not working it wont update please fix this
game-hours: 27.7
review: One of the greatest games ive played on Steam, completely action packed and full of origional sci fi stuff
game-hours: 13.9
review: great game and the warframe powers are awsome i cant wait until the new update and wall running is awsome to
game-hours: 335.6
review: Great Game! The Gunplay is top notch and the leveling system makes this a really good time sink.
game-hours: 8.2
review: This is where ninjas are born. Awesome game!
game-hours: 126.6
review: Warframe is a third person action co-op game. It provides a wide variety of warframes, weapons and other customisation. If you like being a futuristic ninja, this a game that is suitable for you :)
game-hours: 104.9
review: Un bon jeu de ninja de l'espace. Pas un chef d'oeuvre, mais carrement pas un laidron... Un jeu trs bon en multi, clairement pas fait pour le solo, o on s'ennuie rapidement.
game-hours: 7.1
review: 10/10 would ninja stealth skills
game-hours: 135.9
review: this is a fun game that you can play with your friends. i havent seen a game in a while like this. its so addictive and fun.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Pretty nice game consindiring its is free godd graphics
game-hours: 5.1
review: To be honest this game is like Rengoku if you know that game
game-hours: 8.3
review: fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
game-hours: 501.1
review: Fun.
game-hours: 295.6
review: Great game, wish i could die IRL and become a tenno like those people believed after seeing James Cameron's Avatar.
game-hours: 169.1
review: I like this Awesome Game because thats my kind of games
game-hours: 200.2
review: I like this game
game-hours: 74.4
review: Space Ninjas and Parkour, everyone should play Warframe, if not, go f*** yourself buddy, cause you're missing out
game-hours: 264.2
review: Potato. One word, multiple meanings.
game-hours: 198.7
review: this game is broken as all hell also whoever put ordis in the game needs to be shot.
game-hours: 502.4
review: Warfarm is a lot like having a really nice sock that you always pick up and deposit your coconut juice into. You can use it plenty until it begins to start chafing your meat sickle. Eventually, there's just nothing comfortable or pleasant about it. However, DE does wash the sock for you every so often, so it's worth coming back to now and then. Great game and the devs are working on it all the time but doesn't have much to do once you've forged end game gear. Definitely worth a go and a rewash every so often.
game-hours: 20.8
review: I'd totes play if I could run the ing game.
game-hours: 295.4
review: Nice third person shooter with potential co-op with friends
game-hours: 177.6
review: Its awesome and its free? YES PLEASE! Think of it like ninjas in space.. 9/10 (Sign up with this link to get ingame rewards!
game-hours: 375.3
review: its fricken amazing 151 hours in 2 weeks i love this game
game-hours: 0.6
review: This game is amazing and worth getting. I love the rpg open world scifi type elements! its not bad plus pretty much any decent computer can run it!
game-hours: 2.0
review: I definitely would recommend it! It has amazing gameplay that I personally find different than other games. It's a unique take on Third-Person Shooters.
game-hours: 68.1
review: really great game , till the end. not much end game but over all still worth to play.
game-hours: 23.3
review: It's a very nice game. Would be quite the game fer you ninjas.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Love this game so much its awesome Its exactly what I like in a video game
game-hours: 443.9
review: Awesome. If you like shooting things and killing other things just to do it again this is your game. While it can get repetitive at sometimes its fun sometimes its rough here and there but overall good with a lot of things going for it. Awesome
game-hours: 102.3
review: This is a good F2P game, it is not a pay to win but a play an event to win. I love this game but I absolutely bloody hate it
game-hours: 9.3
review: Oh my god //
game-hours: 187.2
review: A really fun and different game, with a a large variety of weapons and awesome melee combos that changes it from a standard sci fi third person shooter. The only downside is the huge grindwall for resources in order to craft weapons and other loot. In fact Id say this game currently is the worse ftp for acquiring new content due to the grind+wait time on crafting equipment(in my experience anyway). Waiting a total of 36 hours to craft each part of a new warframe(armour) and then another 3 days to put each piece together is a terrible mechanic. If this game was not so fun and different then I would not recommend it. Don't expect to get anywhere unless you dedicate a lot of gametime to this title.
game-hours: 90.6
review: THIS IS MY FAVOURITE GAME EVAAAAAARRRR!!!
game-hours: 158.2
review: You're a space ninja that kills anything that moves just for crafting materials. 10/10
game-hours: 347.2
review: Warframe delivers a wide variety of unique quests and some secret rooms and the rank up building new weapons , warframes lets get started: Cons: - building takes alot of time between 12 - 24 hours! - if you reached rank 10 you'll feel bored cause you wont unlock anything - argon crystal is a very rare item can be found in void only - if you want to build more warframes you need to buy slot with platinumand so with the weapons Pros: + unique F2P + many kinds of warframes + void and bosses give you a pretty good challenge especially T IV + no payment walls rating: 7.9 / 10 (since it stills on beta the review and rating may change)
game-hours: 110.0
review: Im not sure what it is but this game sucks you in and there is no known way getting away from it.
game-hours: 364.0
review: a fantastic rpg like tps with a good elements and the stealth is great but not alot of players see it as is a great way to clear stages and most classes are great and the co op is good but tip of mine the nyx is the hardest becouse your team can kill your cantroled unit so i saw rarely glitches but its great 8/10
game-hours: 18.3
review: Its an amazing third person shooter. It has missions you can play with friends, quests, and even parkour! The amazing part is that its almost lag free!
game-hours: 1.3
review: great for hours and FREE
game-hours: 1.3
review: warframe is really fun because i really love third person games
game-hours: 45.6
review: not bad. just a lot of cheaters. :(
game-hours: 2241.2
review: 1000+ h Spend online on this one and it still dosen't bore me. Keep up good work DE.
game-hours: 514.4
review: Addictive. 10/10 would farm again.
game-hours: 66.5
review: Ninjas Own people by their technique with katanas , But when they Get weapon there is no chance of living near them :D This game IS purely AWESOME.
game-hours: 11.4
review: Un free-to-play a dir poco bellissimo  da provare per forza!
game-hours: 45.4
review: A blast but you need a friend or two.
game-hours: 5.3
review: Great game, althought its just one of many pay-to-win game, even your character not strong enough to do a mission alone, but over all is a good game, epic story, good graphic.
game-hours: 30.6
review: mancab
game-hours: 48.0
review: If you like explosions, constant action, co-op gameplay, and slicing & dicing, then pick up this game. In my opinion the market in this game is great. You buy a blueprint for whatever item you want (gun, new secondary, melee weapons, or a shiny new warframe to play as) and then you build it using items found during missions. This forces the player to work for their success. It also has a unique mod system that gives you anything from increased shields to more bullets. All for free, you cant go wrong picking up this game.
game-hours: 298.8
review: Its ing trash omg, needs more variety in gameplay, better levels, a better campaign, and more smooth gameplay with tighter controls. Also some pvp would be stellar.
game-hours: 16.1
review: .
game-hours: 460.5
review: This is an addictive game to play and you will stick to it even at the first 5 minutes of gameplay.I truly enjoy this game since it is free-to-play. Although there are some premium features, you can get pass this by just playing. This game requires alot of grinding and knowledge about the game. The community is great and there are many people willing to help you suceed in the game. This is one of the best games I have played in a while.
game-hours: 14.9
review: best game ever! easy then its gets harder lol , like playing online its fun
game-hours: 45.8
review: best freaking game ever!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 542.3
review: Still a pretty sweet game, and getting solid updates from time to time. Rough to start out on though.
game-hours: 17.2
review: If you have time to kill , and just wanna play somthing this is it! But besides that its more like p2w from my point of view
game-hours: 525.1
review: I think this is the greatest Free to play game that exists. it has great mechanics, great action, a colourfull customization system, and decent teamwork. It's like Mass Effect with almost no story and a lot of shooting, hacking and slashing with kind of an rpg type character/weapons progression. Sure, it still has some annoying bugs, but that will never interfere with gameplay. The market is a raving microtransaction fest, but if you are smart, resourceful and patient; you will be able to advance your characters traits with out spending a dime (albeit slowly, but still...), just grab any materials you find in the missions, buy only blueprints in the market and take the advantage of the 50 platinum account setup gift (My suggestion for one orokin reactor and one Orokin catalyst). The graphics are solid. Great textures and lighting, moderately colourfull, but could use a lot more diversity. The missions are standard: Extermination, escort, survival, defense, assassination, abuction and so forth. It's not bad, but still could ad something more creative. There is a clan/PvP mode but that is not the highlght of the game. The co-op is. A big gripe i have with this game is that your inventory system is limited, so you'll have to sell some stuff that you worked so hard on upgrading as soon as you craft or build a few new stuff. Another thing that is bugging me is that you level up your account separately, hence some of the weapons and warframes are XP locked. This is unnecessary, since the game is charging you for those things anyway. And don't tell me that those weapons are overpowered or something like that. You can meke a basic shotgun overpowered after extensive gameplay. In conclusion, Warframe is a fun and addictive third person action game with a bright future ahead, and if you are a fan of games like Mass Effect, Metal Gear Rising: Revengance, Transformers: War for Cybertron and Vanquish and can tolerate the account lvl. up, the limited inventory system and the repetative mission design this game could be right up your alley. I give it 8 out of 10.
game-hours: 379.0
review: you a ninja... need i say more *cough free cough*
game-hours: 233.7
review: MMMYYYAAAHHH
game-hours: 354.5
review: this game is like no other game that i have played. its very well versed and all around creative. the community is wonderful and i enjoy playing it !!!
game-hours: 611.3
review: Pretty good until you realize they break the engine a little more with every update and the game consists of eternal farming with no sense of reward , progression or development. It's just grinding for the grind
game-hours: 7.8
review: This game was really fun even doe i just started it (Much Killing Lots Wow)
game-hours: 899.4
review: It's an MMO Third-person co-op shooter, yes a co-op shooter. The PvP conclave was added in the Update 10 in September 2013 but the heart of this game is the 4 people co-op. Each warframe have 4 different unique skills and abilities to use and quite similiar to ninjas. And when they're in space, this game is basically space ninjas shooting aliens. There are many game modes that diversify from other shooters and provide variety instead of just shooting things outright. The downside of this game and all MMOs is (of course) the "grinding" for materials and blueprints. It's still in open-beta so expect newer content, changes, and the bugs that comes with it. All in all 8/10.
game-hours: 468.0
review: 1st: Ninja 2nd: Space 3rd: Ninja in the space <3 F2P so just try it out
game-hours: 23.7
review: Love this game - very addictive.
game-hours: 60.4
review: Only recently switched from the dev's client to steam client, mainly to make it look like i'm actually doing something on steam. Anyway, I played a moderate amount almost a year ago. The combat is very smooth, though there's a couple melee attacks that lock you in animation. Those specific animations feel quite jarring and sometimes even out of control, but thankfully there aren't many of those. I highly reccomend rebinding the slide button to something other than control, because you'll be using that a lot (sliding gives you a speed boost, and you slide in mid-air to do slide/spin attack which is very useful, slide-jump is very fast and useful too, and sliding in mid-air also gives a boost. I personally bound slide to space and jump to 't'). On that note, the movement system is quite well-made, with the exception of wall-running (the boost that you get after leaving the surface is quite uncontrollable, usually) and sometimes the jump button has too many uses (and does something you don't want it to do). Once that I've come back, the combat changed. The weapons got harder-hitting. The enemies were pretty much the same though. The difficulty actually curves downwards as you get the necessary upgrades, then later starts to curve upwards as enemies start to do more and more damage. If there's one major flaw about the game, it would be the amount of grind there is. This game is mostly for getting the most flashy items to show to your friends, as prime weapons take quite a substantial time to grind for. Prime warframes take even longer. Stalker weapons would be another; the dread and the despair are the best bow and kunai, respectively, but they require you to get a stalker's mark and summon him to defeat him. The amount of grinding for stalker hunts is quite ridiculous, considering that he has a 1.5% spawn rate (up to 2.5%, i believe). The missions are also quite repetitive and boring. It's still all about 'go in, shoot everything, get out'. This game also has a tendency to give older players an advantage (mostly to keep them playing, i guess). Such as the cicero/tethra mods, snipetron vandal, and more recently the breeding grounds. With the exception of one event (primed chamber, which only slightly more than 101 copies were handed out), these events don't really give a large advantage to old players. They do give them a slight edge, however slight it may be. Last line: Great to mess around with if you're willing to get past the first bit of the difficulty curve, but it quickly gets repetitive and boring. I'd recommend only for the experience of a different shooter, since its movement doesn't have any parallels. Its combat though... that one I'll leave up for grabs.
game-hours: 199.6
review: The best part about this game to me is that even though you can spend real money and get almost anything you want at the start, it really doesn't matter since skill still plays a huge part in what you can and cant do. Also there is nothing that cant be gotten by farming, and there is even stuff that you can only get by farming that is not available in the market. The game can be a little repetitive, but what isn't entertaining about being a space ninja and running into a crowd of enemies and killing them all with throwing knives, or killing them with a blast of fire. Play this game, you won't regret it.
game-hours: 499.4
review: this game is awesome. the variety of characters and weapons is huge and each one its own perks and disadvantages. the only problem is that you have to wait if you are building a new weapon.
game-hours: 30.8
review: Really fun. Thats it. Its fun... You can leave.
game-hours: 20.6
review: Nice game, I play it on Intel HD Graphic.
game-hours: 1253.6
review: This game has changed tremendously over the last year and for the better. When I first started playing back in June '13, it was a cool little game to just collect stuff in, level up items, and fool around a bit. The game underwent a major overhaul for its PS4 release and is now expanding in all categories including lore, map variety, mods, weapons, and warframes. I updated this review pre-update 14, and the additional quest/lore system, upcoming mass-UI, and player ships are HUGE improvements to look forward which will further solidify the game as a serious and unqiue title. The mechanics are very attractive, mixing fast movement with gunplay/melee combat and the special powers of each warframe. The mod system can change up combat as you see fit, and any gun/melee/warframe is viable with enough love put into it. The graphics are bright and shiny, and the game is pretty well-optimized for older systems. Tile sets for maps are finally taking the game off of ships and onto planets. Sounds for enemies and environments continue to be updated for the better. Dojos offer players a way to create clans and design/decorate their own "house" of sorts. Warframes and weapons can have customized color, attachements, armor, skins, and syndanas (scarves). Best of all, the game boasts a dedicated developer team who usually respond quickly and respectfully to the thoughts and wishes of the community. They even run live streams which are fun to watch and offer a kind of interaction that a lot of games miss. One of the biggest improvements I've seen due to this dev-player interaction is through events, which were once extremely annoying due to their setup but are now engaging and fair to both the occassional player and the diehard clan alike. The cash shop for this game is also rather extreme but this is F2P and to be expected. The game lacks dedicated servers, but several changes put into the grouping system have made joining a terrible host much less common. The pve/psueo-pvp Dark Sector system was arguably released too early and right now doesn't offer players/alliances much benefit. However, with DE's track record, it's suitable to have faith the Dark Sectors will continue to be improved upon. There is an actual pvp system in the game, but having never bothered with it, I can't offer any opinion. RNG is perhaps the one big drawback of this game. Much of the game's content relies on RNG, which after a while gets very tiresome. To date, not much has been done to allow players to have some influence over RNG (except outright buying said items through store or prime access) and there are many tweaks that could be made to make things less grindy. Yet, there's a lot of good in the game and all the reason to trust that improvements will continue. If the game had some kind of membership system, I'd definitely buy into it without a second thought. It's plenty obvious this game is growing and growing quickly under focused guidance. It's good to see a team that's not afraid to remain in the beta phase and still get stuff done. High hopes for this one!
game-hours: 22.3
review: Im having some login issues where it keeps adding unessisay letters and my war frame freezes in the middle of game play but other then that the game is excellent
game-hours: 900.6
review: nuce
game-hours: 99.6
review: Do you want to be a Space-Ninja with your friends ? Play it.
game-hours: 5.7
review: This game is one of the best free to play, with stunning visuals and great co-op play. Whilst the game itself is not pay to win as every item in the game is accessable for free, you would certainly benefit from investing in the game. Weapons take up to 5 hours of collecting resources on top of another 12 hours to build, that is my only complaint.
game-hours: 1778.3
review: Space ninja. Enough said. Guaranteed fun from the first hour. A game in constant development. NOT P2W
game-hours: 340.7
review: Id rate this game 6.8 out of 10. The gameplay is quite smooth and the graphics is outstanding. The missions are pretty standard and easy to understand however every mission feels almost the same, not really thrilling but still enjoyable. The only complaint I have about this game is the limitations of buying in-game wepons, warframes, etc. The requirement of using real money to buy things is abit overrated.
game-hours: 31.6
review: SUPPER COOLE GAME NICE WON
game-hours: 14.4
review: 4 of us, trying to plug the datamass in the terminal, going complete Zoolander on it. Suddenly a wave of enemies came down on us, we killed all of them. Another wave, no big deal. Still didn't figure out the terminal... 10/10 time suck.
game-hours: 10.8
review: A must get for dynamic shooter fans. TPS with loads of abilites and upgrades for your suit and guns. Great for solo or co-op play. Take the "Run and Gun" approach, or use the incredible invisibility armor skill and silently take out patroling guards. Runs best on high graphics cards.
game-hours: 51.2
review: I wish they would make Warframe for Mac, too!!!
game-hours: 304.9
review: Alittle Bugy at times But over all fun and enjoyable
game-hours: 189.0
review: Farming Sumulator
game-hours: 1805.9
review: Social-life simulator! 10/10 would gain virginity again!
game-hours: 1.3
review: Mmmm GREGGS
game-hours: 14.2
review: Bons grficos :3
game-hours: 513.0
review: Great game just everyone thinks its all about running fast and being first to the finish line lol
game-hours: 420.1
review: This is the BEST game. It's design lets the player never become bored of this game.
game-hours: 706.0
review: Sure, it's an FPS...well...TPS... and most of the hipsters/rpg gamers don't like that but after playing a game like this, it makes you apreciate the free games on steam. I'm not saying that this is he best gme ever. I'm not even telling you to play the game a lot. I'm just saying that maybe, you should try it. If you don't like it, don't play it. It is a game afterall... Anyway, I give it a thumbs up cause it is the only shooting game that i like. The story is a minor part of the game but it still affects the levels/gameplay. Multiplayer is abundent in the game but you still have the option o choosing to solo the missions. The enemies aer wierd and "Sci-Fi ish" and when you kill the enemies, they explode and blodd splatters as if it's a zero gravity area. There are some glitches but they usually make the game cooler. Clans are available and every item that is available for people who make in-game purchases is also available for players who don't. All in all... 8/10 ?
game-hours: 275.1
review: a great game and truely free to play
game-hours: 799.5
review: I'm hooked on this game. Highly recomended if you enjoy coop and third person missions. Grindy, yes, but I think that's what I like about it. With the huge selection of weapons and frames, there is always something to strive for wether it be attaining that item you don't have, or leveling it to max it out.
game-hours: 27.9
review: This game is ...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................FRIGGIN' AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 39.4
review: COOL GAME. but soon P2P not F2P anymore. and not in steam anymore :(
game-hours: 88.6
review: This game gets crap from people for being pay-to-win. It has no such aspect. Sure you can buy the in-game currency to get things that you could get for free sooner but it is all available to you, you just need to put in the effort of playing to get what you want. This game has given me countless hours of fun while not having to pay a dime. If you do want the Platinum, you can sell/trade things to other players who have payed, or trade them for a piece of equipment you have a hard time finding. The Devs do their job by releasing updates constantly bettering the game for its players, putting up livestreams, checking the forums for bugs and many other things. A++++ for Warframe.
game-hours: 411.6
review: It's free if you don't mind spending some time on it, but that makes everything you get fulfilling. If your not playing Warframe, what are you doing with your life?
game-hours: 103.5
review: Good game, good graphics. Worth the download! Enjoyable game to play.
game-hours: 13.6
review: It's missing somethng... not sure what... it would be cool if the foundry was in game... not in menu, maybe make it more like halo? cinematics?
game-hours: 51.0
review: One of the best free to plays I've ever had the pleasure to try. I highly recommend this title to anyone with a few hours to kill and a decent internet connection.
game-hours: 21.6
review: You can be a space ninja.
game-hours: 274.5
review: :} (insane smile)
game-hours: 1.9
review: GOOD
game-hours: 38.0
review: Best game ever :3
game-hours: 37.5
review: Space Ninjas with guns. Thats all you need to know.
game-hours: 4.1
review: I believe this game has much potential. It needs improvment in areas espicially how it runs. At first i thought the diffuculty was my PC, even though other games run very smooth on it, so i put everything graphics wise to its absolute lowest and still encounterd frame rate drops. Although thats the great thing about PC games, they can be greatly improved. Beyond that, this is a tuly an amazing game and im yet to encounter any bugs. Combat is very cool and addicting with great wall running mechanics and animations that truly make you feel like a cyber ninja. missions are HUGE and should take you and your friends, assuming your online, awhile to complete. The Ai works well, you wont really be challenged unless your alone however. Platnum is the worst money drainer as i only have 40 platnum without paying, and items cost all the way to 300 platnum. You can choose from 3 starting characters, and need alot of platnum to get more. as a score, its atleast an 8/10. i didnt really get into the story, which is good but pretty confusing, and you might not get as many frame rate drops as i did. Overall this is an amazing free to play game that i highly recomend.
game-hours: 60.7
review: MAKE THIS GAME ON MAC
game-hours: 578.8
review: In all honesty, I can't truly "recommend" this game, as in my opinion, a "recommendation" is something that you would give a game that you can play as a "Main" game. Something like Battlefield, or Ghost Recon. Something that has depth to the gameplay, and a variety of ways to play. While this game does have some depth, and some variety, it's mostly surface level. There is very little variation in missions. The most variation you'll get is what KIND of mission you pick. And even then, your stuck with only a few options. Namely massacre all the enemies, rescue a prisoner, grab some intel, plant false information, sabatoge a generator, or some variant of Capture the Flag. Basically. But that in no means makes this a bad game. It's fun as a kind of off game when you want to shoot some stuff up, sure. The gunplay is tight, rewarding, and the variations of weaknesses that each enemy has (Again though, a very limited amount) requires you to learn what works best against what faction, and within that, what enemy within each faction specifically.
game-hours: 168.1
review: Awesome game. really reccomend this game. craft warframe weapon. seek for components and lots of modification. lack of player is this game disadvantages but with time it shouldnt be matter. play this game !!!!
game-hours: 57.7
review: Warframe has great graphics and also having it in third person just adds to the good qualities of the game. The controls are easy to learn. The story is a bit hard to follow. Having the game where its an optional online campian was an amazing idea by the creatures.
game-hours: 0.9
review: It is a 'okay' game.. It is a great Co-op game. :3
game-hours: 3.2
review: MY ONE NEVER WORKED
game-hours: 538.5
review: it's ok
game-hours: 148.8
review: I only can say that this is one of the best games on Steam free-to-play games.
game-hours: 1.0
review: 420 ninja it up
game-hours: 158.0
review: Warframe is kinda repetative, but its a really fun game!
game-hours: 324.1
review: This game is robot space ninjas with guns and magic. I can't describe it any better than this. Free to play, no pressure to buy anything. Only thing I'm not liking much is the real-time delays on being able to rank up and make new weaponry and such.
game-hours: 411.7
review: great pve n ocasion update . one of the best free TPS
game-hours: 257.2
review: Great game, lots of fun, for the gamers who dont bother end game repeating! Always introducing new stuff
game-hours: 88.8
review: Awesome, free, and fun. Using super-alien-jedi-space-ninja-soldiers to shoot, slash, and blow up enemies, really if you aren't sure, at least try it, 'cuz it's free. Progressing is a bit slow without platinum (premium currency), but you'll get it.
game-hours: 8.5
review: F2P FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111111
game-hours: 11.5
review: 7/10
game-hours: 27.3
review: Looks like a great game. Unfortunately I'm not a ninja.
game-hours: 51.2
review: It's decent, while it gets repetitive after a little while its a fun way to kill time or something to do when you are bored. 7/10
game-hours: 309.4
review: I would defenantly recommend this game for two main reasons and a few other small ones. The two main ones being; its free, and your a freakin ninja! Other than that there are some other small aspects of the game that make it great, one the graphics are amazing especially for a free to play game. Two everything that you can buy besides decorative items that dont do anything can be obtained in game. Lastly that the grind to get these objects is strangely addicting. So go get this game and lets kill some things.
game-hours: 1285.8
review: Absolutley amazing game with amazing graphics. The gameplay is amazing and the modding system is one of the most in-depth I have ever seen. 25/1
game-hours: 7.0
review: Hi i am the king on NIGERIA and as a proud nigerian i aprove this game
game-hours: 810.8
review: Probably the best free game ever! Great graphics and gameplay, mobility and weapons! Still in beta so I won't fret about bugs that are common
game-hours: 303.2
review: Rhino goes like this (
game-hours: 34.9
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 17.1
review: most great games this year..
game-hours: 60.8
review: This game has you playing as ****ing Space Ninjas with shotguns. Is there anything left to say? I would think not.
game-hours: 2112.6
review: dig it. quick multiplayer pick up. fast action. varied character design. kewl mobility and melee. get it its free! and ninjas play free!
game-hours: 285.3
review: This game is really fun and cleverly done. Each warframe has its own strengths and weaknesses making the player decide which is best suited for what sort of gameplay. The same can be said for the high amount of weapon choices. You could have a frame and weapon for each of the three factions (Grineer, Corpus and Infested), and mission mode. Or aim to have your favorite warframe and weapon loadout tackle anything and everything. All in all its a great game. Plus the staff actually works hard to resolve bugs and balances in a timely manner.
game-hours: 3.9
review: Good game, great graphics and nice movements. For a free to play game its a very very good choice. Try it.
game-hours: 507.6
review: Best free to play game ever!
game-hours: 407.3
review: Do you like Space Ninjas? Do you like killing Space Nazis? Do you like parkour and carnage? If you say no, you are obviously a machine, and not human. Everyone else, will really enjoy this game. ^_^
game-hours: 9.0
review: -
game-hours: 897.7
review: this game brings more excitment to playing games in my opinion. Its one of the few i actually still like to play on a regular basis because the devs really like to make it challenging. always adding new content to keep players entertained for the time being. well worth the $free.99 it costs to play.
game-hours: 47.4
review: love it addicting fun awesome gameplay diffrent modes but if you have time you can get to the highest level on a warframe withen a short period within a month or 2 you have all planets unlocked and then gameplay becomes repetitive i suggest playing with friends .
game-hours: 129.3
review: Fun game up to a point. You start the game with a basic warframe, as you play you can get blueprints to craft stronger warframes with unique abilities. Modding the warframes and weapons is fun an interesting, but the only down sides are once you reach a certain point the only way to get items and blueprints are running voids, (think instances). Groups for these are very frustrating to get into and from what I have found most clans in the game are pretty dead. All in all Fun for the first week or two then just gets frustrating and repetitive without getting into groups, or active clans.
game-hours: 16.8
review: A very fun shooter that I spent a good amount of time enjoying. 8/10
game-hours: 169.8
review: This game is completely free to play and enjoy, yet if it had a price tag on it I think I would gladly pay for it. This ninja-running, over the shoulder shooting, magic powers using action game is hard to put down once you've gotten a feel for your warframe. Just make sure you pick the one you want and research a little bit before starting up, or you could end up with a warframe you dislike for a long time if you don't spend money on platinum.
game-hours: 6.2
review: not too big and still good
game-hours: 296.8
review: If you like horde style slash 'em ups this is the game for you. Set in a Sci-Fi setting as a Tenno warrior, a really cool space ninja, you go and fight hordes of enemies. The game is in 3rd person, but what does this do for the game? A lot. The wallruns and flips would be near impossible with another model and with this 3rd person model it adds to the impact of what you do. When fighting enemies it gives you and your Warframe the benefit of seeing your enemies unlike if it was 3rd person. The fighting is what carries the game, with the combat being extremely visceral and gorey. While this setting can be turned off, and may have to be if you have a weak system, it adds to the enjoyment of the fighting. You can use guns, melee weapons, and the skills of your Warframe in battle. This may sound like a weak experience given similar games on the market, Warframe's appeal comes from the sheer variety and difficulty that the game offers. There are 3 different enemy types on the game, all different in how they are to fight against. The Grineer are not unlike enemies you'd see in a CoD Survival mode, the Infested are like fighting the flood from Halo, and the Corpus are tech. reliant faction like the Covenant from Halo. This enemy variety means that you have multiple options in fighting on Warframe, and with multiple enemy types within each faction, you'll likely only be bored after countless hours of fighting them. The fighting itself is what carries the game, as I have stated previously in this review. There are many different weapons that you can use, but you are limited to 3 weapons at any given point. A primary weapon, a bow if you'd like, a assault rifle, a shotgun, and a sniper rifle are the extent of your options in this category. Secondaries are limited though, with a few types of unique weapons (such as Kunai), with the rest of the weapons being pistols. Melee is the most interesting aspect of combat though. Heavy weapons, light weapons, dual weapons and others make up this category. Each weapon plays differently with different qualities making each weapon unique and fun to play with. These three categories are further supplemented by attachments, or as Warframe calls them, or Mods. Mods take multiple forms, from elemental damage mods to fire rate mods. Because of the many different types of mods available on Warframe this means that there are enough different playstyles available to make every weapon setup unique to each player. Mods are essential in succeeding on Warframe, and leveling them up is even more important than that. This is a problem with the game though, along with acquiring additonal Warframes to play with. Mods take a long time to acquire. By 100 hours and 20$ spent on platinum I have multiple pages avallable, with many at extremely high levels. This took hours of farming to accomplish, and real life currency--while this could have been avoided. This took most of my in game currency as well, keeping me well below levels to acquire parts for weapons and warframes. This leads to the next issue of the game, the crafting system. While I will be the first to applaud it for being one of the fairest I have seen in a free-to-play game, like the process of acquiring mods and leveling them up it is very tedious. Acquiring the blueprints for weapons will cost in game currency, not platinum though, which take time to farm and acquire. The foundry system then requires more farming to get the bits and pieces to make the weapon on top of buying a blueprint--lengthening the time it takes to get the weapon that you want. Warframes are the toughest to acquire on Warframe. Each part requires farming extensively in game in order to acquire that part. Then it requires you to build each part and then combine all of these parts to finally build the warframe they wanted. The tediousness that follows this process makes it seem like nothing is being accomplished or done in game, which pressures players to purchase the in-game currency of platinum. The question that then follows is: Is it worth it? I can say that it is with certainty. While there is a slight entry fee to play as much as you'd like, when you do the game becomes a lot of fun and enjoyable to play. Once you spend that fee, around 20$, the game opens up and allows you to play with many new weapons and warframes. Late-game there isn't too much to do other than continuously farm for new items to play with along with warframes. So, if you want to play a horde killing game and feel like a badass, Warframe is the game for you.
game-hours: 1937.7
review: Play this or you are a scrub!!! best game everz!
game-hours: 728.8
review: Enthralling.
game-hours: 1555.3
review: Es un juego muy adictivo y entretenido
game-hours: 1065.1
review: SPACE NINJA'S!!! whats more awesome than that? Exactly, play this game!
game-hours: 208.6
review: Like this game so much
game-hours: 524.1
review: Great game with friends
game-hours: 2.9
review: Cool Game !
game-hours: 79.3
review: Games Awsome, Its my Go To Game I Play with my Nephew and Friends. Finding Games like this one if very hard to come across, Its Diffrent from every Syfi, Action Etc. Games out there I Would Recomend this Game First, As I Do Many Times. Id Give it ***** (5) Stars
game-hours: 2.1
review: Warframe is great. To some extent, the people complaining about Warframe being repetative are correct. However, I also feel these are the same people who spend weeks studying boss fights and how to properly raid in WoW. Warframe accomplishes what most games these days lack: it is FUN! Every aspect of Warframe is not repetative though. There are some customization elements to the game. I think the best part of Warframe is having one or two core people to group with. It's fast paced action is perfect for laughs and fun. That's all I have to say.
game-hours: 294.5
review: 10/10 would play 300+ hours again. BKNelson and JADavis have small dongers.
game-hours: 28.1
review: I like the game and all, but I don't like that it takes you so log time to get a new weapon.
game-hours: 80.8
review: Good.... I recommend it.
game-hours: 887.4
review: Great F2P game that is fun to play with friends. Definately recommend this.
game-hours: 124.5
review: Really unique gameplay and mechanics. Love it.
game-hours: 86.8
review: Interesting Third-person shooter, may be a challenge but definately worth playing. Very fun with others, and pretty hard to get bored with. Overall a good play :)
game-hours: 0.3
review: Good Game
game-hours: 260.7
review: love this. combination of Ninja, space, alien, Rambo, magic, gunshot, Dynasty Warrior , Max Payne, Tenchu, etc. you will like this or you probably gay
game-hours: 17.0
review: Everthing is good about this game, especially the game play. The game play could be described as futuristic ninjas with space tech weapons killing aliens. The game itself is free to play, though there is a in game store that requires you to buy the majority of the items with real money. However, the amount of pay to use item does not offset the balance of the game, one can still enjoy the game without spending money purchasing items.
game-hours: 989.3
review: Ninjas vs aliens and Alien Ninjas with guns, Quick gameplay, decent controller support (if you like that), free to play. Dont really need to ask for more. Definately one of the better f2p games ive played this year.
game-hours: 1.5
review: soso
game-hours: 113.3
review: Small review for this game: its free. and awesome. think future inter planetary space ninjas. just so good!
game-hours: 36.8
review: fun game,fun customization but can have a steep curve to it when paired with other players that are not so good.
game-hours: 47.5
review: the game actually made me arsed to write a review i hate it 5/5
game-hours: 170.6
review: Great game to play with friends, awsome graphix and unique gameplay and mechanics.
game-hours: 30.2
review: awsome play style
game-hours: 4.3
review: This Game has no words to explain it...its well made and thought and time into this i highly recommend this game for futureistic sword fighting loving gamers who desire such content
game-hours: 893.7
review: If you love Grinding in RPGS, If you love Mass Effect, If you love Ninjas and weapons, weapons everywhere then you will love this game. It's a F2P game, you can access anything in the game without paying if you commit! Make sure you use the alerts app or follow the alerts on twitter. The only reason you would need to pay is to expand your storage (More Frames/Wepons capacity and also Event weapons give you storage spaces) and colors/skins (Some Helmets are even obtainable for free). In other words, I love this game. It's fun, it's repetitive but there's always new content coming out and the repetitive is just leveling up new weapons and new characters every day for fun.
game-hours: 22.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 20.5
review: Excellent Graphics for free game and is getting Content Regularly
game-hours: 357.7
review: Before update 11, it was sliding simulator 2013. After that, it became space-ninja-dodge-everything-or-die sliding simulator 2013.
game-hours: 911.9
review: This game rocks. Almost 200 hours in and still having a blast.
game-hours: 440.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 14.7
review: Warframe .     ,  .  DE !
game-hours: 153.0
review: I played this game over 24 hours, so I might know what I'm talking about. Warframe is a great looking game in many ways and yet feels good too. This game seems to be a too good FREE-TO-PLAY, but yet I feel like I paid for it. Story is good but not bad, but what we all gamers care about the fun and gameplay in games, and this game does a great job of doing this. I highly people who really spend their time playing video games to play this game... but yet I'm not a player who playes all day and I still enjoy playing it. If I were to give it a score of 1 though 10 it would be a 9-out of 10, because it still has more updaes to come and yet when a new Warframe comes out EVERY update it get sadden and feel that I'm not powerful anymore. Some bugs here and there but you will not run into any on your great adventure in this game. This game is a should have.
game-hours: 2.7
review: Really Detailed 3rd person shooter with some free running mechenics but as always microtransactions that are not really neccesary to play the game all in all a good game and only 1 gig
game-hours: 4.9
review: This game is a menagerie of fast paced action of all types. It seriously is one of those games you can lose countless hours over. Definately look into this, if you haven't already.
game-hours: 13.4
review: :D Cool game!
game-hours: 6.9
review: It's so great, that I can't express my feelings. Just one disadvantage. It's free to play.
game-hours: 4190.5
review: After some hours playing the game, founding a clan(Unit 666) and building a dojo. Even buying the Master Founder package to support future development A set of patches that sometimes add more bugs then they fix. Yes it has bugs and yes it does need work being optimized coding wise. Good free to play game where most items can be obtained during normal game play. It does however need slots for warframes, weapons and sentinels that is something you must buy. The free slots give you little options for a good warframe and weapons layout so buy some extra slots is defiantly recommended. Graphics wise it is a fest of physx effects and other bright lights that heavy your hardware. The only down side is that the devs really really need to optimize and do some bug fixing! Worth a try but make sure you progress and check if the bugs are worth the annoyance before spending money for plat.
game-hours: 714.3
review: It's space ninjas! What's there not to like? Joking aside, it's a great game. Everything from the gameplay to the lore to the graphics (wich are stellar by the way) oozes awesomeness! Even though it's still a diamond in the rough i higly recomend it!
game-hours: 448.7
review: Icredibly fun and fast paced action with amazing Gameplay wrapped in promising yet unfinished buggy RPG grinding.
game-hours: 60.0
review: It's free, why not try it? It's a really fun game which is centered around, basically space ninjas. It's really addicting once you get the hang of it, and the potential this game has is huge. The game is currently only in open beta, but for a beta it's pretty well completed. It hooked me good for a week, and still has me every few weeks. It's not at all pay2win, because there is no winning against other people! You're set in a co-operative environment, besides the optional PVP. In that area I can't say, but I know most (if not all) store items can be made with blueprints and in game items (Which will only cost you time and credits (credits being the default currency)). Overall I'd highly suggest this game to friends. I'd give it an 8/10.
game-hours: 181.6
review: Amazing as it may sound, this game is better than many many other retail titles in so many many ways. Graphics, mechanics, cool ninja moves, stealth action and high customization are just the tip of the iceberg, as the cooperative play is teh real blast you can get from Warframe. Playing coop will make your enemies tougher, and they'll use attacks that will require your companions to free or wake you up to not get owned. A simple and not too various (we're still in the beta section though) AI director changes the structure of the levels every time you play them, taking away the predictability of enemy positions. Same goes for loots and treasure chests. A real great game, for no price: it's christmas early this year buddies, enjoy!
game-hours: 85.9
review: It's a fantastic next-gen free to play game. The micro-transactions aren't anybodies cup of tea but premium items don't get in the way of pure skill at the end of the day. It's multiplayer only for now but single player looks promising, The co-op aspect of this game is great with a mix between racing too the finish and helping teammates destroy enemies or claim objectives. No PVP yet but a not so popular duel-mode is currently in place. The mission layout is expansive and pretty good to navigate through and the graphics are a treat.
game-hours: 530.4
review: Almost same map,same enemy,same missions.Annoying shiny flash visual effect kills my eyes.Class,skill system is not so mach fun cause almost anything is same.You need so many time to get weapons ,money,EXP but not worth.And enemy has bunny ears.BUNNY EARS.
game-hours: 59.1
review: Such a KA game! I love the atmosphere and the fighting but mainly team work!
game-hours: 7.5
review: Probably the best Free to Play game out there. The fast paced action is amazing!
game-hours: 1.6
review: This game is awesome. Best Free To Play Game. Forget Metal gear rising. This game is awesome for hack and slash. And the shooting is also great. Best free game out there. I am also getting the PS4 version. With that said. The PC version works great with xbox 360 controller. The start menu, like briefing doesnt work that great with controller, but the main menu, and in game, work great with controller, just the like minute of like mission briefing, you have to use mouse, which is a minor complaint, but apart from that the game works 99 percent on xbox 360 controller,
game-hours: 294.7
review: This is an awesome especially because it is free. You can really find no better deal than this game if you like third person shooters.
game-hours: 7.1
review: This is gonna be big on PS4! It's amazingly good!
game-hours: 135.7
review: If CoD and Uncharted had a baby, it definitley wouldn't be this.
game-hours: 393.8
review: Love it
game-hours: 6.2
review: This game strangely turn me on...
game-hours: 469.2
review: This game is probably one of the most satisfying gaming experiences ever. With this game, you have the ability to earn/or build pretty much EVERYTHING. Weapons, Frames, Skins...you can play this game and not have to pay a cent and have some of the most powerful items in the game. I find that earning all of the materials to build your equipment is Extremely satisfying. Combine this with the extreme replayability and you have one of the best games that could hit the market. I will recommend this game 100% to everyone who asks me about it. Good Job DE, you have made a jewel!
game-hours: 48.1
review: Dis a good game.
game-hours: 44.8
review: I really wished to review this but im busy right now, try again later.
game-hours: 9.3
review: This game is a AWESOME co-op game! You work together to fight off enemies and finish the objectives. GO GET IT ITS FREE!!!!!
game-hours: 63.3
review: Addictive gameplay, yet somewhat annoying if you decide to avoid "platinum" purchases and grind for recipes/components which could take a significant amount of time. Other than that - beautiful picture (at least on my GTX670M), adrenaline action.
game-hours: 576.0
review: Awesome game but needs to have a System to buy platinum without having to go to website to buy platinum
game-hours: 1.6
review: Metal Gear Rising: Reveangance 2 7/10
game-hours: 148.8
review: The game its fun at first but the more you play the more boring it gets i have playd for some time and i just lost intrest in the game. And Paying players have a big advantage here they get better weapons and rare mods . The game should have a goul or something but here its just same misions in same maps just gets harder. The grafics are good and its a great F2P game but the only problem its gets boring after some time.
game-hours: 155.5
review: Great game, High speed coop shooter rpg.
game-hours: 498.8
review: This game its like deadspace 3 and but with less of a horror aspect and more oprative feel to the game i give it the tomsaka (i love it) seal of aproval :) :P
game-hours: 22.2
review: This game is worth a buy its vary grasping i keep wanting to play it. It might look like just a shooter but its way more then that, this is a must get
game-hours: 629.7
review: A cool game with good graphics and suprisingly low requirements. The missions quite repeats themselves, but fun nonetheless. However, it could have been a much better game if you could earn Platinum without the use of real-world-currency (Besides the trading system and the "Honor of the Lotus" login reward which are good too). But overall this is a very good Free-to-Play, Probably the best on Steam.
game-hours: 6.5
review: i love this
game-hours: 550.4
review: slick and well-polished 3rd person shooter with a lot of content. Under continual development. sadly after update 11 optimization has suffered and the game runs at about half the framerate it used to. eta after update 14 my framerates are back to normal.
game-hours: 443.1
review: This game is pretty sick in a lot of ways, good ways actually. But there a quite some bugs and glitches which might take away the fun. Major problem is that this game barely gives any good rare or uncommon mods and i cant progress good enough. The thing is the the that one problem that really needs fixing is the transmute section, i traded like 4 rare mods and got a common weak mod. I just lost all my money cause of that. other than that if you want good stuff you need platinum which will take your money cause trading is HARD. the game has its ups and downs but i still recommend this game.
game-hours: 12.3
review: great free 2 play game.definitely recomend it
game-hours: 20.7
review: Ninjas in space, what's not to love? Best F2P since League. Or TF2 but I paid for that game. Also Bo life. If it's not a bo staff, you're not Donatello.
game-hours: 190.6
review: I have been playing this game for almost two years now, and I have seen this games ups and downs. I'll start of by saying that this is a VERY good game that you can play for hours on end. You should definetely give this game a try if you want: 1. An active and friendly community. 2. A long lasting game that you will play for a while. 3. Bugs that take like a year to patch. (lol) In all my time playing this game I have never really come up with any problems, other than those bugs that the Devs are finally fixing. The community is great, I have never gotten into an argument with anyone (which is rare for me). By the time you're finished with the latest update/patch there will already be a new update with a crap-load of new content. Best of all, you don't HAVE to pay to get everything. Although buying platinum makes things easier, you can obtain everything in the game without having to pay a penny, with the exception of one or two guns. 10/10
game-hours: 15.7
review: lol
game-hours: 21.7
review: Great free to play co-op third person shooter.
game-hours: 238.9
review: An amazing third person shooter, free, and you can get just about anything in game without having to use your hard earned money.
game-hours: 5.1
review: Very fun and great mission system overall a great game really worth getting...
game-hours: 23.6
review: The game is repetitive in it's level design and missions, but it's constantly updated with new content. The biggest draw for me was the fluidity of the shooting, platforming, melee combat, using the powerups... It feels smooth and very fun. Especialy when you're playing with a friend using a mic, then you'll have tons of fun. Additionaly the game is absolutely beautiful with it's use of colour, it's lighting and shadow effects, which is even more amazing considering it runs smooth on my low-spec pc.
game-hours: 1276.1
review: Easily one of the best Action games I've ever played, with loads of different ways to play and choices of weapons and how you can customize them, I've enjoyed it so much that even though its free to play I've spent a decent amount of money on it and I don't regret a single cent. Well worth every second of playing time in my opinion, a must play.
game-hours: 45.2
review: Great Game. I love it!
game-hours: 20.6
review: Fantastic game, especially seeing as it's free. However, if you want the best stuff, you have to pay for it - and it's not too cheap. If you really enjoy the game though, it's definitely worth putting in a little bit, after all, they need the money. My main problem with it is that it just loves to crash; especially when you get a message on Skype or Steam or anything along those lines. Overall, a bit faulty but well worth it.
game-hours: 117.4
review: .
game-hours: 9.6
review: Excellent
game-hours: 286.6
review: Oh my god, this game. This game. Warframe is a game about the Tenno/Warframes, a bunch of guys in oddly-designed space outfits. They're ninjas. In space. If you don't think that's awesome already, there's no hope for you. Also, you can be a space ninja with a flamethrower. And a battleaxe. And dual revolvers. And you can run up a wall, backflip off it into a 's face and cut said  in half. 10/10 would farm Orokin Cells.
game-hours: 52.1
review: This game is great
game-hours: 12.5
review: Its fun
game-hours: 52.7
review: Yes, It is very fun and you should try it
game-hours: 139.2
review: meh its ok
game-hours: 589.4
review: it i a very fun action game i love the fact that you get to sneak around and that each weapon has their own sneak attack
game-hours: 538.1
review: Great game.
game-hours: 13.1
review: awsome game
game-hours: 90.9
review: It is a fun interactive game that allows you to create a warrior capable of either destroying everything or a healer who helps their friends
game-hours: 279.3
review: godd game, needs a few tweaks
game-hours: 590.3
review: Warframe is one of the best Free to play games i have ever had the pleasure of playing. This is a game where pay to win is not an issue, if you can play well then you will have a good time, gear only makes it a bit easier, plus anything you can buy for real money can be built (albeit with difficulty and time) yourself with ingame currency. If you like run and guns, or if you just like the idea of third person shooters you should like this.
game-hours: 279.3
review: godd game, needs a few tweaks
game-hours: 590.3
review: Warframe is one of the best Free to play games i have ever had the pleasure of playing. This is a game where pay to win is not an issue, if you can play well then you will have a good time, gear only makes it a bit easier, plus anything you can buy for real money can be built (albeit with difficulty and time) yourself with ingame currency. If you like run and guns, or if you just like the idea of third person shooters you should like this.
game-hours: 885.3
review: Game is Awsome and mod sysytem Awsome recomeneded for all but... bugs close the game not because low specs i have over the requirments in 1080p and building takes up alot weps in 12 hours some 24 warframes 3 days but the game is great very addictive i play 8 hours a day total of over 116 hours not recomended for gaming addicts
game-hours: 1504.4
review: This game truly a AAA game in disquise. This game is worth every single minute that a player will spend to it. 10/10 score.
game-hours: 7.4
review: Did not played it to much until know, it seems like a nice blend of a fast paced, stylish, collective action game
game-hours: 178.6
review: Very fun game, great graphics for a F2P, and very creative ideas, you can fuse mods and use them on your character, very creative. Love it.
game-hours: 892.6
review: I don't have this through steam but I cannot recommend this game enough. If you don't play this game especially with friends, you are missing out.
game-hours: 507.9
review: amazing games and free to play, great graphics and a lot of content
game-hours: 16.7
review: very good game
game-hours: 518.0
review: good game :)
game-hours: 27.8
review: it'a good game
game-hours: 117.6
review: YES!!!!
game-hours: 49.3
review: This game is ing sweet. Like running on walls? Get it Like sliding on your knees and shooting guns? Get it Like superhuman powers? Get it Like randomly generated levels? Get it Like amazing customisation? Get it Like owning sections of the galaxy? Get it Like occasional horror levels? Get it
game-hours: 387.4
review: Warframe appeals to me, in a way that very few games manage. Even going through a single mission, every replay gives you a randomly assembled path. Where you once ran through a deforested and fortified energyplant on earth, you'd run through a thriving forest, filled with wildlife and overgrown walkways, leading to a complete change in the required maneuvers. Suddenly, instead of sliding down a flat hill, you're urged to climb between and steep stone wall, and climbing across branches. And this is leaving out the robotic Corpus faction, with their pristine interiors with hidden airducts, teleporters, criss-crossing walkways and their fuel tunnels, as well as the robust Grineer faction, with their rugged barracks and chemical plants, AND the parasitic Infestation, that not only changes the gunplay, but also brings a sprawling atmosphere, were EVERYTHING around you is alive, and possibly deadly. The weapon types are many, diverse, equally powerful as they are breathtaking. Whether you find yourself yearning for an explosive bow-n-arrow, a chaotic tesla rifle, a powerful shotgun with poisonous shells or a scythe that literally blows an enemy apart rather than cutting them open, is all up to you. Combining element mods lets you play with fire, ice, electricity and poison, in whichever combination you like, and the best part, is that with multiples of the same element type, you can create double the effect, such as explosive gas, or a viral radiation. Warframe allows you to change your gameplay on the fly, offering ways to go completely unseen, aswell as giving no quarter as to how much of a pounding that you'll get, should you get spotted. What's that? A brutish adversary is throwing flaming hazards and explosives everywhere? Well, we'll just open a window for that to clear up. IN OUTER SPACE!
game-hours: 377.9
review: Warframe is a great game. Its offers alot for what you're paying (which is nothing). you are a ninja like thing called a tenno and your job is to cleanse the solar system of the enemy factions. It has great graphics and great gameplay. If you download this game you will not be disappointed.
game-hours: 1365.7
review: Let me start by saying that warframe, in no way, forces a pay2win style of play. This is the best part about the game. If you could buy it with real money, you can find it somewhere in game with enough time and patience. The gameplay is repetitive, this is the games biggest weakness, but there is some varience in regards to how you accomplish the goals. In PVE, you are trying to kill x enemies, kill specific enemies, or gather x macguffins, etc... The frame (the character class essentially) varies your abilities, speed, and base stats. Each frame has a good theme to it. Excalibur is very much your jack of all trades class being very balanced, Mag focuses on magnetic type attacks, Volt on electric ones, etc... Some frames are better suited to most tasks, dealing more damage, or providing better control of enemy forces. Once you find something you like though, you can stick with it and use upgrades to make it much stronger. PVP has just been introduced in terms of clan vs. clan play. It is in the works of being balanced, and while some classes outright dominate others, there is still some fun to be had. It is true some are "better" than others on paper, but there is nothing stopping you from using any gun. Machine guns, sniper rifles, semi-auto rifles, magnums, six-shooters, and more for guns. Melee is also quite fun with many "stance" mods, or fighting styles, allowing combos, which is essentially the timing of the attack button with few inputs other than that. Farming these stance mods can be tedious though, some being ridiculously rare and dropping off rare enemies, others just being so common you sell them for some credits. You get axes, hammers, swords, daggers, katanas, and even a boomerang. Variety is there, so find your favorite. Finally, the game is constantly being developed and DE, the developer, is very involved with the community. Events and updates are out often enough to satisfy most players. If you want some quick action and good play, give it a shot, it is free after all.
game-hours: 3.7
review: It's very generic, but still enjoyable
game-hours: 193.6
review: It's a game about space ninjas destroying space nazis and futuristic EA representatives. I don't think I need to say any more here.
game-hours: 7.7
review: Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derpp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp DerDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp DerpDerp Derp Derp Derp Derp Derpp Derp Derp Derp Derp (   )(   )(   )(   )
game-hours: 383.6
review: The game is free to play!! A lot of grinding to get the goodies but the game is "free to play!!".
game-hours: 74.0
review: 8/8
game-hours: 1365.1
review: "Nothing to do here." I have started playing WF longer than year ago. I remember the title: Update 7-Stormbringer. Good old times,when warframe offered me a lot things to do there. I was a part when WF was growing from first day of open beta and i enjoyed it. However...they kept adding new warframes,weapons,titlesets,companions and more stuff...and PvP aswell. But Warframe...it will simply make you bored after you play it for a time like i did. I have played over 650 hours (battle time,decluding time spent in menus/chat etc.). If you havent played WF before...go for it. If you dont have anything else to play...go play WF. I can say...i know everything about this game. All the weapons...all the warframes...all enemies killed at least 1000 of each,each map played at least 100 times....i got enough. But for you...it will be nice experience.
game-hours: 0.8
review: This is a very fun game and I would recommend it. It is best to play with friends,
game-hours: 1.5
review: Amazing game with beautiful graphics and easy to learn controls! 10/10 One of the best games on steam!
game-hours: 282.0
review: A very well polished game. Just wish it was open world
game-hours: 197.0
review: Great f2p game, has some buggs/glitches but they are doing their best to fix them. Not pay to win since you can get everything without paying but it's just faster if you pay real money.
game-hours: 814.2
review: Best FTP Game ive ever played. Truly a Diamond under the FTP Games out there.
game-hours: 6.5
review: You play the role of a Rhino Headed Ninja. Well, there are other 'Warframes' available, but one of them looks like a Rhino Headed Ninja. You fight people that look ugly and need to get a makeover, so you kill them for your relief of saving money from not having to pay for their beauty treatment.
game-hours: 23.7
review: Best. Game. Ever. Sci-fi cyborg alien ninja shooter rpg? Sign me up!
game-hours: 2032.4
review: While this game is not a masterpiece of awe inspiring perfection, it is fun as hell! I highly recommend trying out these ninja bots and kicking some serious !
game-hours: 23.7
review: Dud is gud
game-hours: 764.0
review: Hell yes!
game-hours: 778.2
review: Warframe is a good game. One of its best features is its beauty. Everything in the game looks crisp and clear from the environments on the different planets to your warframe's armor and abilities. Charging in and destroying waves after waves of enemies by using your amazing powers is a great experience and seeing how to coordinate them with your teammates makes it even more enjoyable. The downside of this game is its repetitiveness. Missions, environments, and enemies lack in diversity. Even the method to upgrade your warframe is repetitive. You need to reach max rank to "upgrade" and once that is done you start at zero rank all over again. This is a enjoyable game to play but it might get boring after awhile.
game-hours: 198.2
review: I enjoyed this game with the 100+ hours spent ingame. The players are wonderful and the the design and interworkings make this game enjoyable. My only upset is the serious farm required to play this game for free, but that is like most free to play games. The entire grind gets you to play. 8/10 it is pretty kubrow
game-hours: 27.5
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 196.8
review: what i like about the game the crafting system makes you actaully want to do missions in order to get new weapons to spice up the gameplay like forsay gathering materials in a rpg to make a better weapon but some elements kinda just make the game more frustrating for me like how i have to wait to get something to potatoe my warframe or weapons itsa minor thing but it dosent really ruin the game the missions try at least to be creative you have capture the baddie kill all the baddies defend the depot survival etc and with each warframe you get different abilitys like one can shoot ice one is a tank but kinda slow one cant take  for damage but fast overall teh weapons seem to be made to fit different play style like are you the guy that likes running around shooting with a sniper rifle theres a weapon for that if you like katanas theres a weapon for that etc the game does get a bit repetitivebut witht he updates and new weapons it kinda feels a bit new albeit the same id recomend this game to anyone really that likes shooters or rpgs
game-hours: 172.9
review: its best
game-hours: 473.5
review: it is so fun
game-hours: 49.2
review: Great Game, takes a while to get used to gameplay.
game-hours: 10.2
review: this game is awesome need to download
game-hours: 0.4
review: .....
game-hours: 3.3
review: I LOVE IT because i like to slice and dice
game-hours: 251.9
review: I liked it it was good
game-hours: 2658.9
review: Everyone i mean everyone should play this game!,this is the best game there is on f2p steam for me atleast,when i first got this i played for like 2 mins and got bored then i stopped playing for like a week then i figured i shud try it out once more and i am so lucky that i did plus U14 is just extremely awesome,YES TRY IT NOW!
game-hours: 644.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 446.2
review: Mass effect meets ninja gaiden. Dev's constantly update the game with new maps and guns, looking for material is enjoyable unlike MMO's, and the gameplay is fluid. Pay to play items: "platnium" is just like NX for nexon games, or any other boost. You dont NEED it since getting materials and looking for certain items are fun - no dull grinding. Items drop at a reasonable rate to keep players engaged but also working hard. This game should NOT be free for how good it is and how invovled the dev's are. 8/10 would keep playing
game-hours: 357.9
review: As soon as I share my library with a friend that already has it, it just tells me to buy it instead of playing it, then it goes to this site and you can never download it cause it says it's already downloaded... WHAT THE
game-hours: 1260.7
review: This is one of a rare few F2P game that I would really recommend. The development studio really is involved in the game's community and takes what they have to say very seriously. If you are looking for a great way to unwind, with lots of running-n-gunning and hack-n-slash wall running, ninja craziness all taking place in a dystopia future of our solar system, then this is a game for you!
game-hours: 1.5
review: I think this game rocks one question before you start reading this review. if you think a game shall be awesome and fun to play then stick on cause this is the best game in history. 1. no lag 2.no spam 3. no legit that was all guys
game-hours: 9.8
review: Best for stealth and running and gunning as long as you have a good setup
game-hours: 27.4
review: why is this game cost so much
game-hours: 0.2
review: I love it! Super cool and fun game, I would easly buy it if it would cost! But its free! :D
game-hours: 8.2
review: awesome game
game-hours: 28.2
review: Warframe is a game that some close friends recommended to me to try out. It's free so I thought "why not?" I was greeted with a rather hectic and somewhat all over the place tutorial. There was a recent update as of writing this that apparently changed the tutorial for new players and even though I have not seen it, I have good faith the game devs put all the feedback and advice they got in order to change it for the better. The game is a 3rd person shooter, which for me is a real eye catcher. In today's gaming world, most games that want to involve shooting almost all go for the obvious first person perspective. Warframe changes that and I will say that at first it feels a bit awkward to play, over time you get used to it and after a few setting changes, you are ready to go. Now the controls and control mappings are a bit awkward, I have mapped out all the buttons that I need to keys that are somewhat easy and more comfortable for me to reach. It still feels a bit awkward though but I don't have one of those super uber gaming mice that have 10 buttons on it so I can't really blame the game for that. The graphics are alright, I don't really like to judge a game by graphics alone, but although not the best... It's decent. The whole going to different planets and different missions, as well as the ability to play with other players/friends or by yourself is pretty neat. The missions however, are not too exciting. There is several mission types: kill all enemies, collect the maguffin, capture and hold the points, survive waves of enemies till you die or leave, kill boss dude... It's all great... but all the planets have the same types of missions just with different enemies and evironments. It get's a little stale after a while, which can effect the replay value. Speaking of, the replay value is pretty great. You can customize your character, make new characters, new weapons. Its all there, but its a little weak due to having some items (most cosmetic though) cost real money. Making new weapons and blueprints for different characters requires farming and grinding which can turn alot of people off. This 3rd person shooter/rpg mixture has alot of potential, but it is boged down with somewhat over complicated mechanics and tedious farming. Final thoughts... It's not a perfect game, not by a long shot. However, I would not say its a bad game. It's free right now so give it a shot, if you don't like it... then that's fine. If you like it... Then awesome! This game is certainly something that will take most gamers out of their comfort zones, and I appreciate Warframe for doing that.
game-hours: 412.7
review: You can be a ninja And wallrun 'n' stuff
game-hours: 5.9
review: Very fun game.
game-hours: 801.8
review: Equip a frame with weak weapons and few mods, then do a mission solo, feel the pressure to survive and feel what the game could have been. Enjoy that before remembering the grindfest of mass destruction that Warframe has become. Either way I'ts still great if you find the right clan to chat and share.
game-hours: 125.9
review: A grindfest as others have said, but the grinding is the whole point of the game - the grinding is legitimately fun. It's basically Mass Effect, minus role playing, plus MMO, plus parkour space ninja.
game-hours: 292.0
review: Quite possibly the most diverse fps i've ever played, epic battling, hugely customiseable everything and addictive gameplay. Worth spending a few quid on some in game stuff but not essential, not regretting a single  spent on this.
game-hours: 288.0
review: Imagine Halo's Masterchief, without the armor plated armor but with his skin suit, add in his shields, flipping, wall climbing, and swords mixed in with L4D team resussitation. Congratulations You may have just pictured what Warframe is... Freaking Space Ninjas in Space! With Guns! Pros : Clan constructed modular lairs. Great Textures , Models, Voice Acting. (To counteract the first 2 Cons, Farm for Most stuff.) Choice of Stealth or Run & Gun / Sword. Cons : Pay 2 win, Pay 4 Everything. Time Locks - Construction, Assembling gear, Ranking up (to unlock more stuff) all take real time Hours (Various). 4 Knockouts daily, after 4 used instant fail mission (Solo).
game-hours: 35.7
review: XD
game-hours: 11.2
review: Pretty fun gameplay but kind of confusing. I'm not sure on how to upgrade my character or even if I ranked my character. I think I'm rank 1 but average 9 on my items. I'm glad this has some controller support.
game-hours: 4.3
review: I'm not huge on FPS's, but this being ftp and having a good friend devote hundreds of hours to it made me try it out. It's a little clunky to get into, but it's extremely enjoyable once you get a feel for transitioning in combat. I'm still digging into it when I get free time, but my multitude of un-played games can wait a little longer while I stretch this one out.
game-hours: 28.7
review: This game is a real good TPS, i really recommended to y'all
game-hours: 64.3
review: i like the scifi ninja hack n slash factor about his game which is quite unique to this game
game-hours: 7.5
review: LIKE :D
game-hours: 10.3
review: All I have to say is this, if it looks fun or semi fun to you, give it a try. However, if it looks like it's not you kind of thing or that it doesn't look fun, then hey, you don't have to download it. Personaly I had fun with it. I wouldn't say it's one of the best f2p ( free to play for those of you that don't know ), but i hade fun with it.
game-hours: 8.8
review: It's...okai I guess the only reason I play it is for my friends... I'd give it a 7/10
game-hours: 231.7
review: Great Game
game-hours: 2343.8
review: I've played this enough to tell you that it's getting better. It already started out good when it went open beta. Most players who had issues sighted mostly repetetive play. Oddly enough, that can be said about most games that people love playing, from pacman to Call of Duty. I've read other reviews giriping about the enemy AI, to be honest, I think it's about right, tech reliant corpus have and numerically superior Grineer enemies use both flanking and cover fire, map and mission specifics do come into it, but really, their AI doesn't need to be more than rudimentary. The other faction; infested, are close quarters, flood-like opponents. A practiced squad of players can cope with even high level opponents, but the game has a knack of overwhelming you at surprising moments that you'll be leaning on your teammates for. Complaints around the games thin plot and game lore is again, a matter of personal perspective, I don't need or want masses of information for a game that is combat centric, it's nice, but ultimately unecessary. A degree of preference certainly comes into it. I've had masses of fun with only a few moments of being pissed off. The causes of the latter have been taken care of through the updates from 6 all the way to update 14 that has again, pushed the game a lot further with a massive UI overhaul and newer gameplay elements (Kubrows are awesome) I've enjoyed the games technical consistency. The bugs have been almost invisible to me. The community side is certainly growing. Trading has been an excellent addition, and the upcoming player ship is something I really am looking forward to. This game is constantly improving. game modes introduced through events will be made persistent instead of one offs, giving more variety of play. You can go totally Ninja now and use just a melee weapon (seriously good fun) Plus, weapons and Warframes are now varied enough to allow players to specialise. Wrapping up, DE is doing a good job, and when you weigh that against the cost of playing (which is very very little) Warframe really is a frakking awesome game.
game-hours: 76.7
review: Very good game. Coop play is a very nice feature that helps you to finish stages quicker or just enjpy the game with friends. Leveling up is also great and the mods add to it, diff mods for different areas for your warframe and weapons. It is free :).
game-hours: 21.1
review: Nice Game!
game-hours: 259.8
review: The most fun I've played this series generous gun GAME!!! EGAME!
game-hours: 53.5
review: n_n
game-hours: 87.8
review: cant update
game-hours: 19.0
review: Yes
game-hours: 17.4
review: Space ninjas, decapitations, blood, guns, super swords. What else? GET THIS GAME!!
game-hours: 225.2
review: A great game! New UI makes understanding of game fundamentals much easier, along with great communities that offer help at every turn.
game-hours: 6.7
review: Party
game-hours: 10.6
review: this is the best!
game-hours: 1938.0
review: pure fun.
game-hours: 55.9
review: warframe You start out as a teno or some thing.I couldn't care less.fighting as a badass robot vs cyborg twins
game-hours: 1043.4
review: Its the grineer/10
game-hours: 956.5
review: 10/10, really fun, just takes time to become very good, trust me i know
game-hours: 226.6
review: It's in dota.
game-hours: 19.9
review: Aweeeeeeeeeeesomeeeeeee !!!
game-hours: 272.8
review: very good
game-hours: 205.2
review: its a fun game and I recomend it, but my key bindings in warframe are ruinned and I can't fix them ;(
game-hours: 178.0
review: i like this game adventure game shooting and some arcade thanks BrO
game-hours: 79.4
review: Sci Fi + Ninjas what could you ask for more.
game-hours: 4.0
review: what's cooler than frggn space ninjas yering aliens and multiplayer. Just wish the performance was a little better,the sensitivity is really high and its very hard to see anything thats going on while looking around.Overall... prestty good game.:3
game-hours: 6.7
review: All I can really say is that this game is fun...
game-hours: 155.3
review: fast/10
game-hours: 153.3
review: One of best games i've played
game-hours: 101.9
review: Cause
game-hours: 125.7
review: I highly recommend this game. Easily the most fun i have had playing any game. Ever.
game-hours: 736.5
review: Just do it.
game-hours: 7.6
review: Warframe, for a free game in open beta, is very well-done and includes an intricate upgrade and leveling system. The game is multiplayer-friendly when there are no connection problems, and the different Warframes, weapons, and abilities make for fun and dynamic playstyles. My favorite aspect of the game is that it makes you feel like a total badass.
game-hours: 158.2
review: This game is a very fast paced shooter/sword fighting game yet when not hacking your way through enemies it has a well done crafting mechanism though it does take a lot of time to build items this doesnt really matter if your willing to put a bit of time into this game if i were to rate this game it would be a 8/10 because it is hands down one of the best free games ive ever played or the best maybe the only thing negative about this is that there are still a bunch of bugs in the game but otherwise this game is awsome everyone should try it!
game-hours: 509.9
review: A free-to-play multiplayer game thats not pay-to-win, and it's about space ninjas. what more could you ask for?
game-hours: 240.3
review: A great beta that is continually getting better. The developers really listen to the fans and adjust the game accordingly as the updates come out. I expect it to be truly magnificent when it is completed.
game-hours: 358.2
review: Short review: Good: Very fun gameplay, deep customization, lots of special missions, decent bosses, good friend system (used to be bad but was fixed) and a well-thought out clan system. Bad: Bad level design, parkour aspect not put to its fullmost potential. Ugly: Repetition, lack of completely different gameplay modes, requires a massive amount of patience. Long review: Warframe takes the ridiculous idea of ninja space pirates and puts it into effect, and I must say, they did a good job at it. If you already don't know, the game is a third-person shooter which involves a lot of running and gunning, slicing and dicing, and of course, looting. Each Warframe which you choose to play as is very unique in their own ways; you have one that can pull enemies in or crush them, one that can revive the dead and have them fight for him, one that can conjuire tornados, and some samurai-focused ones which focus on stronger melee attacks and whatnot. The game's story is very lackluster; you have two factions, the Grineer and Corpus, fighting against one another, with the Warframes, known as the Tenno, being the in-between faction whom are interested in gathering treasures, along with a fourth faction known as the Infested which are basically fungi-like parasites or something. There are some supernatural elements and legacies too, not that it's all too important. In terms of gameplay, Warframe is very fluid and fast, combining lots of different attacks, maneuvers, and so on for each of your Warframes. Many of the maps in this game are massive, and there are often different paths to take everytime, although the game does have a knack of limiting your movement and giving you a single path however. Many of the levels do have some secret rooms which require a bit of parkouring skill to reach at times, although this isn't true for all maps of the game. One major downfall is that while the game does include wall running and climbing, none of the maps are designed to allow you to use such tactics mid-combat, but only to traverse specific gaps, which is the greatest downfall for the game maps. Still, the game could benefit with new maps, as there tends to be a ridiculous amount of missions but only around eight maps in total. In short, the maps for this game aren't all that impressive. Warframe both has an abundance and shortage of content. For abundance, there are tons of mods to use to upgrade your weapons and Warframe, not to mention several special missions types, secret enemies, special rewards, and so on. Your weapons range from pistols, rifles, shotguns to bows, rocket launchers, laser beams, and so on. There are several damage types too, and several factors for each weapon, giving the player a lot of calculation and planning out to do to obtain the ultimate build. For shortage, it's the repetition. This game is VERY repetitive. The missions are always the same, even for special missions, and the ones that aren't usually have very slight variances between them. To add to that, sometimes you'll be finding yourself replaying missions you already completed just to get the resources which you need to build your next weapon or item, with a resource system that makes it a very tedious task, as you are given small changes for resources per drop while crafting costs you thousands of that resource. Truth be told, however, the game does have a very fun combat system, which partially, but not completely, excuses them. There's also a clan system, which also offers a lot of customizability and other extras, such as trading, obstacle courses, and research labs for special weapons, to players. The friend system in this game used to be terrible, but it's good to see that this has been fixed - at least on my side. The Pay 2 Win model in Warframe locks at least one or two items from every category for non-premium players, and often makes it a whole lot easier to buy the item that you want instead of having to go through all the tedious farming. Still, the system is not too broken. The game will still lock off stronger weapons for newcomers, meaning that neither premium nor freemium will be able to purchase those weapons unless by rising in ranks, which takes a TON of playtime. I don't have a lot of experience with free online games, as Warframe is the only one I dared play, but I personally think this is a fair system; not too broken to make freemium players feel left out, nor to make premium players feel that their donation was not for something worthwhile - at least if you don't buy the packs, since one of them gives you one of the best secondary weapons in the game. Only the cosmetics are entirely locked to premium members. On the plus side, the game does give you 50 spending currency of the premium monetary system, which isn't much, but you can still use them. While the game is still very fun, some people will complain over how it takes a ridiculous chunk of time and gameplay before one can actually get anything good. Your starting weapons are complete trash, with the exception of the pistol (when I started, it was bad, but I think they fixed that), and the game will require you to play for hours before you can start getting weapons that are far much better. Thankfully, they made it easier to purchase some weapons for beginners, which is a relief. My recommendation is to play Warframe unless you are a very impatient person. It's free anyways, and the filesize of the game is around 4 GB of download, so why not? However, the amount of grinding required to be able to get through this game is ridiculous, so be careful. Tip: Both the Braton and Strun are decent weapons to replace your rubbish primary weapon, at least until you can start getting some of the better weapons. Plus, both are weapons which you can easily buy right off the bat. For secondaries, you have the Magnus, although you do need mods to increase its critical damage to improve it. Chronus is also a good sword to replace your other worse sword, at least until you reach higher levels. Also, there is no specific "best weapon": most of the weapons are good and balanced, so pick whichever suits your playstyle. You might also want to constantly check the Warframe wiki for weapon stats, enemy stats, Warframe builds, and so on.
game-hours: 78.1
review: The dankest of the dank when it comes to fighting aliens as a badass ninja warrior
game-hours: 94.0
review: Havent played this game in a year. I like the games dynamic, it's a gut-wrenching game, and it's fun i tell you.
game-hours: 6.5
review: TPS with Co-op dedicated mechanics. Solid gameplay, top-notch graphics but repetitive level system that deteriorates the experience after 10+ hours.
game-hours: 7.7
review: not a bad game its kinda balanced too i recommend becouse it has crafting and difrent stuf for people who like technology totaly recommending to give a try!
game-hours: 2.4
review: I have only played it once in the past, but it's very fun
game-hours: 104.7
review: this is a awesome game!
game-hours: 476.0
review: For a free-to-play game it is pretty awesome. Badass Ninja Aliens kicking other alien ? Definetly a must have considering it is free!
game-hours: 271.5
review: I didn't like this game much back then when I frist got it, and well ever sease my freind started playing it (too much) I fianly came on to see why it was so worth playing so much and well now I love this game its geart I love the warframes and my Nekros as you can tell by my image :3. and the Prime stuff is soooo goood. Also space ships soon!
game-hours: 5.7
review: love this game awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 348.7
review: Its taken over my life, Ive forgotten what sunlight feels like.
game-hours: 7.3
review: sweet
game-hours: 9.9
review: really fun
game-hours: 1568.9
review: Warframe is my fifth favorite game, the game has 239 missions and 19 warframes (your suit) to choose from. Abunch of weapons, clans, pvp modes, co-op almost at all times, amazing graphics, runs pretty well on low-end pcs with everything turned down, tons of parkour such as wall running (vertical and horizontal), sliding, grabing ledges to pull your self up, and doing a flying kick to knock down enemies, which is really fun, all in all a great game. The only downside I have found is to craft (oppossed to buying one with microtransaction credits) a new warframe it takes 72 hours and to level up your profile you have to complete test, which is a cool concept, but you have to wait 24 hours before you can take another one (re-trying a failed one or trying the next one).
game-hours: 2.4
review: If you like co-op with many levels and major customisation get this! If you don't like getting lost and figting invisible people that is most likely a bug don't. 5/10
game-hours: 130.6
review: do you like running around with a sword cutting people in half? then download this. you wont regret it.
game-hours: 11.0
review: Great game, great visuals a must have on your library
game-hours: 14.3
review: This game includes all of my faverate things in the universe! Guns, swords, parkour, and awesome suits and graphics! This game is amazing and i have only scratched the surface!
game-hours: 16.0
review: this game is good and all but i got banned for buying a gun... i got banned untill 2035 plz fix
game-hours: 2.1
review: THIS game is good i sugestit to most
game-hours: 630.5
review: You'll probably like the game for a few days or weeks, depending on each person. Playing online is fun when there isn't lag, big variety of missions, weapons, warframes... But F*CK normal reviews, lemme give you MY experience! As a new player, I loved it. It was fun, fast, exciting. Everything i could ask for Cut to today- As a slightly veteran player, this game has made me realize that I probably subconciously enjoy pain. It teached me the horrors of RNG. It made me question free-to-play games everywhere around the world. I can't play anything now, Warframe has killed gaming for me. So what the f*ck are you waiting for? GO GET DAT SH*T RIGHT NOW!!
game-hours: 620.9
review: this game defines 3rd person shooters, solo or co-op it delivers fast paced action for any play style or frame you choose to master and with the module system in place you can tailor and refine it to your personal tastes.
game-hours: 2.5
review: Ninja + Alien EPIC XD
game-hours: 104.7
review: Fun to play :D
game-hours: 19.3
review: it's a good game with new updates around every month
game-hours: 4.9
review: Kicked a puppy and heard a very satisfying crunch.......... 10/10
game-hours: 37.4
review: best f2p game on steam! 9/10
game-hours: 111.5
review: Cool game
game-hours: 474.5
review: Some one once told me, "Your greatest pains, can also be your greatest strengths." well that person is a F#%KING liar. I dont think that my incurable brain tumor well give me super powers any day soon. aneurysm/10
game-hours: 17.7
review: great game no issue here so far
game-hours: 290.8
review: After more then a 100 Hrs on this game i will tell you this. This game is for people who are not scare of seeing blood and killing factions. And being at stealthly as possible or as fast to kill Factions And the 3D look to it is great the frames are well played for different types of people ways anyway you SHOULD GET THE GAME AT ALL COST
game-hours: 9.2
review: this game is the .
game-hours: 20.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 3.9
review: UM it looks like a relly good and great game to play lots of fun action, but where the heck do i sign up to play i already have the game downloaded. someone plz tell me im deperate to finally play this amazing game ive seen others play the game and i really just want to join the game and play online or maybe solo
game-hours: 5.8
review: f
game-hours: 4.6
review: Score 7.5/10
game-hours: 33.9
review: For a pay to win game, it's not half bad
game-hours: 7.8
review: this is an amazing game
game-hours: 38.4
review: get this game
game-hours: 599.7
review: BEST FREE TO PLAY COOP EVAR
game-hours: 394.6
review: Great game but you will need to grind alot
game-hours: 39.0
review: FREE. SPACE. NINJAS. FREE. GRAPHICS. SWORDS. LASERS. FREE. CUSTOMIZATION.
game-hours: 480.4
review: This game will beat out any other game that is similar in any way %100 of the time.
game-hours: 10.8
review: gud. "10/10" -IGN
game-hours: 169.1
review: Yes, this really is as mad and cool as it looks.
game-hours: 1.0
review: i <3 it on ps4
game-hours: 126.1
review: cool game
game-hours: 748.4
review: C'mon it's ninjas with swords. How can you go wrong.
game-hours: 259.8
review: Not a bad game , Seems to be getting better.
game-hours: 23.0
review: Space  fighting to the death.
game-hours: 13.3
review: Its really pretty, super fun, and can even run on my semi-toaster of a computer just fine. no lag and it adds other players to your game if you are playing alone!
game-hours: 222.4
review: Its FUN ENOUGH SAID
game-hours: 28.2
review: Warframe is the first 3rd person game I ever played. It was the best game and still is. I played it when it was in it's v0.6 progress! It was very buggy, but look where it is now. It is growing to be a fast pace action game. If you have a laggy computer, then put the settings all the way down to low and turn off everything.
game-hours: 1.2
review: I LOVE IT. Thats all I have to say. <3
game-hours: 1013.1
review: *Final Review* So I have a lot of time under my belt playing Warframe and I'd like to give credit where it's due. First off gameplay is a lot of fun in this game. If you enjoy 3rd person shooter+co-op action you won't find a better game, especially for free-fiddy. At first it's a bit slow and takes awhile to gather the 'must haves'. Once you get the hang of how the mods and powers work, you'll be blasting through enemies day in 'n day out. There's plenty to keep you busy and a ton of different weapons and frames(characters/tenno/classes) to earn. You can literately get anything in the game without paying a single $. You most likely won't mind spending a bit on the game after playing it for awhile though. You can always find a match doing one of the many game modes and as long as you spend your first free 50 credits on orokin catalyst and/or orokin reactors to boost your gear, you can play all the content and do very well at it. So here's the run down. Gameplay 7/10 Why not a full 10? It is by far one of my most enjoyed games in a few years, but I started awhile ago and have earned most of what I find interesting already. While the game provides non-stop action on a variety of maps, after so long I find the process of getting new equipment or hunting for new mods extremely boring and repetitive. It was bad to the point I would make all fresh gear and start back on the first map, then play the first worlds through helping new players, because it was more gratifying than spending 100 hours farming 1 map for 1 mod that only drops from 1 unit that spawns 5 times on that 1 map and has a 0.001% drop rate. At first you won't notice this at all. I can only play the same content repeatedly with different skins over it so many times. But other than that, it's fun to play. Controls are great, takes some getting used to before you get full ninja status. You do feel powerful when playing almost all characters, some where nerfed a little to much and are less useful. Some of the maps are truly well designed and look great. Audio 9/10 One point of because some sounds are always at max volume even when produced far away. Buuut... Great audio on guns. Powers have curious and well suited sounds. Music during certain parts, *such as rushing towards the exit and getting that bogo drum roll* are really well placed and immerse you. Noise from enemies plays well in the enviroment, letting you tell distance with foot steps or voices. AND THE VOICES! AHAHA! eh.. Each of the enemy races have their own languages, pretty interesting to listen to them shout commands for taking you out. Graphics 10/10 While not super HD impressive mode. They are really intense, especially when played on max settings. But most importantly is the art style of the Tenno themselves that warrents a full 10 points of golden credit here. Some things are a little weird... like too many male Tenno having a giant crotch protector piece on their armor.. yeah.. But other than that visually pleasing to play. Plenty of glow effects and bouncing neon particles to entertain your meek little brain. Story/RP 2/10? There just isn't a ton of content here, I mean there is plenty to read about and you can prowl around on the forums for more. But I didn't find it engaging or well included in the game as you play. You have to seek it out on your own and apply it the same. Still an amazingly unique and beautifully done concept. Would like to see more Tenno to Tenno interaction or an explanation about the giant three headed monster trapped in this tiny room on an old spaceship adrift in the void and how it managed to survive there.. and where did it poop. NOT-P2W 9/10 Only reason this doesn't get a 10/10 is because not buying the orokin catalyst/cores means you will be at half strength until you do and they do not come around in events often. Also there is a HUGE market in this game selling items you can only get by playing high level content. Some things that took me months to grind for at the start you can now buy for pennies on a dollar. 50$ can essientially buy you all the 'leet gear' (Prime frames, weapons, super rare mods) because people will sell extremely cheap just to get that extra 10 plat for a slot! But you can really earn everything for free, by selling in game items... or being extremely patient. Overall I give it a 9/10 - kept my interest for a long time and that is very difficult for games these days. If you are thinking about trying it, stop. DOWNLOAD IT NOW. Just give it some time, you won't be pwning es in the first 5 seconds and people will be waaaaaaay stronger and faster than you sometimes. It is unfair for high levels to be farming low end maps BUT try to watch how they move and copy them. As long as you're fast and mobile, you're a good ninja!
game-hours: 1631.9
review: Why are you looking at this and not downloading this game?
game-hours: 901.9
review: Come back in 2 Months.
game-hours: 4.8
review: Ninjas...in space...with guns....and space....spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace!.....space
game-hours: 19.8
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 387.2
review: Its A Really Good Game Man 10/10
game-hours: 3.2
review: Probably one of the most fun and enjoyable free to play games I have ever played. I've played a few hundred hours of this when it weren't on steam and I'm not really fond on Third person games but I love this game. It's not the sort of game where you have to pay to get anywhere and is pretty balanced with only a few bugs here and there which aren't really problems.
game-hours: 25.2
review: HELL YEAH HAHA THIS GAME IS TOO FUN TO BE TRUE
game-hours: 376.2
review: Space ninjas that use magic. That pretty much sums up Warframe. Play.
game-hours: 167.1
review: A wonderful game that i recomend to everyone!
game-hours: 16.2
review: It's good. There, I said it. Now... I was promised donuts...
game-hours: 395.6
review: This is an amazing game! I just wish my computer could handle it
game-hours: 104.0
review: The main point is to kill things. One of the best games ever. 10/10
game-hours: 961.8
review: ril gud
game-hours: 3.6
review: warframe is 3th person 3D game. i've played this game and i must say that this game if pretty good. the only problem about this game is that is big requirements.
game-hours: 4.6
review: I think it is a beauiful game but the lag is crazy. As soon as i start a mission i lag, if they can reduce or stop the lag the game would be amazing on PC.
game-hours: 611.2
review: This game has ninja's, guns and armour you can customize, and charecters with abilitys that are fun to use, did i mention that you can level up armour,guns and mods? plus you can do some parkour on levels and join clans, or make a clan of your own and build the place the way you like it. to sum up what I said, warframe=Awsome!
game-hours: 41.5
review: The game is pretty solid and fun once you get the hang of it. But newbie players won't be having as much fun until they start to buy stuff. Still, i recommend this game for anyone that likes fast paced action and has money to spare. 8/10
game-hours: 264.3
review: Its awesome I can't find any other words X) Devs are doing a awesome job keep everything up and running, Combat system is very good, never seem to get tired of and it has its challenges for those who are more solo types.
game-hours: 28.1
review: Very good game! At first it will be boring to collect all the resources to get the wanted weapon, but when you'll get the weapon the fun starts!
game-hours: 2.4
review: how do you make a account
game-hours: 296.0
review: it is a good game
game-hours: 337.0
review: there's something very satisfying about running around in a killing machine that you have build armed with weapons of the same. all around good times.
game-hours: 236.1
review: Definitely an amazing game, truly free to play aswell. It's a little slow at first, but you get the hang of it after a while.
game-hours: 18.6
review: I'm still very new to this game, but its AMAZING. Its like Gears of War meets Mass Effect meets Dead Space. It has some of the most beautiful scenery I have seen in any game, but suffers from a lot of repeated textures and entire rooms. This is without a doubt a game worth playing.
game-hours: 400.7
review: AAAHHH NINJAS
game-hours: 215.1
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME wish u could trade non prime weapons
game-hours: 202.3
review: Hitting harder makes you better. Striking faster makes you stronger. Youll be playing for more hours since your work is never over.
game-hours: 23.3
review: Very good game with beautiful visuals nice controls and fun play style. Allowing PVP was a bad idea though. 9.5/10
game-hours: 1381.3
review: Love it <3
game-hours: 13.7
review: Amazing game.Best third person shooter ever I really recommend this game :)
game-hours: 21.6
review: great game... only played for the last 3 days and im hooked xD
game-hours: 1456.0
review: Good game.
game-hours: 1.2
review: pretty neat game
game-hours: 22.0
review: gg negada
game-hours: 4.7
review: I hate it shuts down all the time i hate do not play this pice of junk
game-hours: 1.4
review: I've played lots of free-to-play, pay-to-win games in my time, and this is by far one of them
game-hours: 343.1
review: This game is really fun and addicting except theres lots of bugs and glitches, this game has been in beta a long time and crafting things in the foundry such as a new warframe takes three days to complete please make the time less and finish this game.
game-hours: 25.5
review: this game is the best game ive ever got on steam
game-hours: 1264.8
review: 1000 hours. No regrets. Better than doing normal human stuff or having a social life. :D
game-hours: 26.8
review: Pretty cool game (Ninja Play for Free Dafaq?)
game-hours: 9.5
review: It's good I'm just terrible at it (also it's gotten better since ages ago)
game-hours: 40.7
review: It's an interesting game to play: slash, bash, shoot, loot, all the stuff you've come to expect. It also looks really good except for a few glitches. However, don't expect much of a story or any driving force to do anything because you will basically be farming to unlock cooler stuff later on, such as more Warframes, better weapons, etc. And try not to waste your Platinum, because that's the way they getcha' monies. But if you're only interested in doing cool ninja stuff and becoming an amazing bad***, go on and play already!
game-hours: 819.1
review: so good game. might be hard to start playing,but when you understand the modding n stuff its going to be awesome.
game-hours: 445.4
review: At first I thought this game was quite, welll.....stupid, BUT! now I have my own clan to look after as well as two warframes to kick  with!
game-hours: 14.6
review: I enjoy this game very much, spent a lot of time just conpleting missions. This game is worth your time.
game-hours: 144.2
review: Good game, I had lots of fun with it, but its still need much work
game-hours: 159.0
review: I really enjoy this game, once you get a better warframe than the inital then it's really good fun and with riends even better 9/10
game-hours: 252.5
review: pve game with a tf2 like economy and futuristic stuff
game-hours: 209.3
review: ever wanted to be ninja?.....ever wanted to be a ninja with guns?.....ever wanted to be a ninja with guns in space an slaughter everyone who gets in your way with a simple sword swipe from your flaming blades of fury, and then shoot another guy impaling him into a wall which u run up only to do a backflip and stab another guy?....ever wanna do it with a friend?..... warframe in a nutshell.
game-hours: 808.5
review: im just going to throw this out!! this game is free and looks awesome!! also ninjas shooting guns!!
game-hours: 623.4
review: This is a MUST play game; It's super fun and action packed!
game-hours: 38.2
review: TL;DR: Warframe is an addictive, fast-paced, and unique spin on tradition 3rd-person shooters that is well worth a try, but might not hold your interest for too long. Not TL;DR: Despite what steam says, I have been playing Warframe for quite a long time before I connected it to steam, have done everything from the lowest to highest level missions, and have invested time into playing it in as many different ways as I could, so you can trust me as a reviewer. Warframe is certainly a unique experience that constantly rewards you for your time, and can hold your attention for hundreds of hours...but then again so can Candy Crush and Farmville. Warframe is very fast-paced, action-packed, and lives up to it's unofficial descriptor of "Space Ninjas". It is NOT pay-2-win, no matter what anybody else might say. Every item in the game has it's purpose, and almost anything you can get with real money you can get for free as long as you're willing to put a little bit of time into it (the only exception to this is cosmetic items that do nothing for the game besides make you look different. But even then, you can still sell rare items on trade chat for platinum to go and purchase those cosmetics). The graphics are beautiful, although they have a few bugs. The gameplay is fluid and rewarding, although it can get a bit old after a while. The game is certainly grindy, but that can be overlooked due to the fact rewards are constant enough to make you feel like you're actually doing something with your time, and as I said before, it has the exact same addiction factor as Candy Crush does...doing the same thing over and over again, but the illusion of difference is put over it enough, and doing that same thing is fun enough that it keeps you coming back for more. The community is somewhat garbage, as "Space Ninjas" tends to draw in little kids that think it's cute to "troll" region chat and do everything they can to sabotage a mission and throw tantrums frequently when they don't get their way, but a good portion of the people playing Warframe are mature enough to enjoy playing online, although if you so desire, you can set it so you only play with friends, or play offline if you choose (although harder missions make playing offline near-impossible if you don't know the game really well). Playing online also comes with issues, as the game has no servers beyond account data saves and chat, and so uses peer-2-peer hosting for missions. So if the host has crap internet, you will experience a lot of lag that will get annoying VERY quickly. The game also, being in open-beta, updates frequently enough that things are always changing, so you won't stay too bored for long. The story of the game is hard to follow and pointless, although it is pretty interesting if you take the time to research lore, but otherwise it's just there as filler to give a vague reason for why you are parkouring through space stations and planetary bases obliterating entire legions of enemies. All in all, Warframe is 100% worth a try, and I HIGHLY recommend it to any gamer interested in shooters. It is easy to become addicted to this game but it is also just as easy to get bored with it.
game-hours: 592.0
review: Warframe is third person shooter co op action multiplayer game were the protagonists are the Tennos a kinda Ninjas from space but they're not aliens they are humans trying to get back to their power the solar sistem that is conquisted by a variety of bosses and powerful normal enemys so if you like third person shooter games you should play warframe Ninjas play free!!!
game-hours: 91.5
review: You Should try this game it's free and very fun!
game-hours: 90.0
review: This game is so awesome! There is a lot of cosumization to you Warframes and weapons (Warframes are your suits). Although a lot of things have to be bought with actual money, you can still get the items without it, it just requires more work. I like it like that because it gives you something to work for and for to play, looking forward to. There are so many missions! You travel to each planet of the solar system (plus more) and their moons. There is hours and hours worth of gameplay here; I've already sunck 12+ hours into it and I'm still having as much fun as when I started! However, there are a few problems with joining friends and members of your clans and crashes, but it's not a constant thing, so it's not too bad. I absolutly love this game! I would recomend this to everybody who loves action, uprgrading everything basically, explosions, and amazing graphics! Even with everything dropped, this game still looks beautiful. Amped, oh my god! You have to see it if your computer can handle it! There are no wors to desctibe it! Deffinatly play this game if you have the time!
game-hours: 80.7
review: Really great game considering it's F2P. I was hooked for 50+ hours before it started getting a little repetitive, but it's being updated all the time.
game-hours: 174.2
review: Pretty much the best for short bursts of play if you don't have much time to spend invested in fun. guns feel pretty dang good swords are always a plus whips? yeah they got those POWER FISTS TOO
game-hours: 8.7
review: Great Game
game-hours: 3.5
review: This is a game about how i play as Zero in Borderlands 2.
game-hours: 106.8
review: in great
game-hours: 49.8
review: space ninja, that is all
game-hours: 348.9
review: Yes i Recommend this game to any people it`s fun, There is alot of cool stuff in it like guns, frames and melee weapons and all the stuff there is all can be found in the game without paying platinum but if really want platinum its your choice its your money its worth it to play this game.(There are also some Scienceish like the planets that would help you remember stuff in space if you need to :D)
game-hours: 72.8
review: Gross
game-hours: 422.1
review: , ...       ,      .        ,    .
game-hours: 5.2
review: GOOD QUALITY AND JUST THE BEST SCI-FI GAME EVER PLAYED
game-hours: 60.5
review: This game has a pretty fluid movement system and lots of loadout customisation options, as well as a great community.
game-hours: 50.9
review: Play as any of the many types of Space Ninjas With Shark Fin Helmets that you want! From ones who shoot electricity, to others who glide through to air, to even one who was experimented on and went insane and now goes on bloody rampages! Play solo, or online co-operative to beat each mission. Start on the planet Mercury and work your way among the stars defeating rival factions. Level up and gain mods to augment your play style. Seemlessly switch between melee and ranged fighting to deal deadly damage in a variety of ways. What's not to love!?
game-hours: 131.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 14.9
review: Gr8 gameplay lots of blueprints and things to build so you dont get bored. 8/8 would buy on bluray
game-hours: 67.5
review: Love the character design and idea behind it. Cool, awesome and the best FREE game out here, I would dare to say its even better than some Buy2Play. And no this game is not Pay2Win, its grindy but you can easily get behind it.
game-hours: 389.6
review: frekin awesome game, must mention this is a in-beta game, but hell its worth it, 10/10 would forget what the sun looks like.
game-hours: 6.9
review: I'm downloading AIRFRAME 10/10 Recommended
game-hours: 339.8
review: Really good for a free to play game. Don't need to pay for anything to have fun.
game-hours: 25.6
review: WARFRAME is one the best free to play games.
game-hours: 84.5
review: Warframe is a great shooter game that plays in 3rd person.... Now be it that it is a tad slow at times and also a tad fast in other times it is a great game in my opinion. I especially like to customize my characters and weapons at that. Very fun game I do recomend it and the best part is... IT'S FREE!!!!
game-hours: 167.2
review: This is great, The physics in this game are so realistic. Parkour all day everyday.
game-hours: 262.3
review: this is the best game i have ever played, it is verry chalanging. the 1 thing i dont like i that the game has almost no story, no cut scenes or anything... but it is still the best game i have ever played, i reccomend this game to anyone who has a strong enouph computer to play it.
game-hours: 350.7
review: Two Words : SPACE NINJAS
game-hours: 91.4
review: With hundreds of Warframes, guns, and melee weapons to choose frorm, and 200+ missions to play, Warframe will never bore you. Parkour-style actions to move around the map. Tight responsive controlls bring it all together. This is an incredible game to play whether it's your first TPS, or you're jut a fan of the TPS genre. Not much of a story, but that's not what Warframe's about. It's about beating the crap out of hoardes of enemies with a group, or by yourself (if you plan on going solo, make sure you have ALOT of firepower. This game is HARD without people.) Overall, yeah, I recommend it. You won't be dissapointed.
game-hours: 13.8
review: Umberto Couldn't run it so he hates
game-hours: 108.8
review: good game
game-hours: 1190.7
review: It is very entertaining game. It can get repetitive if don't get into a clan with people you like to spend time with. For a Free-To-Play it is absolutly astonishing gfx-wise and you don't REALLY need to spend mony on it if you have time and patience. VERY recommended. Just waiting for cross-platform play.
game-hours: 301.1
review: This game is a total life ruiner. Grab a friend or two or three and do it co-op, cuz when you're playing solo, it can be pretty difficult, unless you want to waste your revives.
game-hours: 18.0
review: This game is really really cool i love it so much
game-hours: 115.0
review: Ninja robots with guns in space. Good game.
game-hours: 328.7
review: Four words: Cybernetic Ninjas with Guns. The game is a 4 of 5 or a 7 of 10. It has good graphics and great gameplay. The game is still is a work in progress and the new updates are polishing up an already well-built game. The co-op is the fondation of the game, but a bit of a let down when you are forced to race through a mission because your teammates decide to race to see who can kill the boss the fastest. This can be fixed by communication with the teammates or knowing your team, however it can be a time consuming to find people who operate like you do or will tolerate scavenging for resources (which is essential). The mod and upgrade menus are pretty straight forward and easy to use. I would recommend if you like the shooting of Halo, the free-running of Mirror's Edge, and the sword play of Dynasty Warriors.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Great game. I highly recommend playing this game with your buddies. Solid game mechanics and fluid motions.
game-hours: 1131.9
review: Its okay
game-hours: 955.3
review: Really good game to have some fun time, especially if you can find some people to play it with. And don't forget, free to play :D
game-hours: 27.4
review: these graphics are good i could not play this on my other pc i couldnt but iplay onmy momsDAMN BOY THESEACTIONS LIKE DF MEN SO MUCH ACTION IPLAYED THIS GAME i waslike OMFG SO MUCH AWESOMENES
game-hours: 266.6
review: You can drug weapons with potatoes. 10/10
game-hours: 17.3
review: Asian lore/history meets Sci-Fi? Aw yuss.
game-hours: 582.2
review: Good!
game-hours: 5.3
review: Parkour space ninjas. That's enough to convince people.
game-hours: 191.2
review: While this game looks great do not be fooled, these ninjas are subpar for any true dark warrior. Kamas are fashioned with subpar material, Nikanas obviously not Shinobi-made and my mom found me playing this and grounded me.
game-hours: 11.5
review: Alright game fun for anyone wanting to play a space themed online game.
game-hours: 4.1
review: Really weird but fun. Hard to understand menus and main screen, but once you stare at it for a while and let your mind fracture you began to understand about 1% of it.
game-hours: 0.1
review: it looks good but they should add more guns to like come on you know that everybody likes guns
game-hours: 41.8
review: You have a sword. 10/10
game-hours: 1077.0
review: this game is the !
game-hours: 16.2
review: Its a fun and really great game :D
game-hours: 139.2
review: DUDE !! ING SPACE NINJAS !!!1
game-hours: 208.9
review: Fun and addictive, has some interesting depth that isn't apparent at first. If you enjoy lobby based co-op third person shooters, you must try this one.
game-hours: 4.0
review: Lost my Filipino Ex-Boyfriend to this game which subsequently ruined my life.  this game.
game-hours: 34.2
review: BEST FREE TO PLAY GAME I'VE PLAYED TO DATE! Everything about this game is good. Gunplay is very satisfying. Graphics in game are really good (DOF effects are really nice). The overall presentation of the game is superb....from the menus to the upgrade / crafting screen. It has COOP *WOOT!* Missions are fun and varied and I like the crafting system and the loot drop system of the game. Only down side is being F2P it's an insane grind to get anything. But honestly the core game is solid enough that you can have alot of fun without dropping a dime into it.
game-hours: 552.2
review: .
game-hours: 160.0
review: Warframe is a co-op game with millions of players. It's about a race called the tenno who are space ninjas. Overall the beginning is quite horrible but the mid through late game is extremely fun and addicting. I hope to see you online welcome Tenno.
game-hours: 0.8
review: cant activate my acount i dont know how there is no activation code im waiting a loot for the code for 6 days and no activation code mann i realy like this gameee :(
game-hours: 875.1
review: its truly a fun game there is alot of gryding for the stuff you whunt but i a way it is vary fun and even more enjoyabl with frind the clane system in this game is not like eny other it actoly pays of if youer on a clan have exclusive wepons and warframs at youer disposal
game-hours: 516.7
review: Best!
game-hours: 140.7
review: Shoot endless waves of aliens and mutated animals, rescue prisoner or just enjoy slashing some dudes into peases. Weapon/teno crafting, slight custmozation, upgrades using mod system. Playn alone or with friends-your choice. Gl playing :P
game-hours: 53.4
review: Hi you see this game and see me? well they ate my lolipop ): its a very good game cant stop playing (:
game-hours: 46.6
review: it's got ninjas and their cyborgs 'n . 8/8 fun when theres no fun on another game.
game-hours: 24.2
review: Great game but pretty graphic intense. You need a beefy computer if you want to play it with high quality graphics
game-hours: 171.0
review: If you love playing a gun wielding ninja in space with some crazy weapons, you'll love this game!
game-hours: 1075.4
review: I've been a regular since right after the end of alpha, and I've got to say, these guys are working consistently to create a fun and interesting product. More than a year later and I'm still hooked, and for a minimal monetary investment on my part.
game-hours: 1027.8
review: really good game
game-hours: 173.3
review: THIS GAME IS KICKASS!!!
game-hours: 111.0
review: S'good.
game-hours: 104.7
review: Realy cool game....you must try it if you like being a ninja
game-hours: 1.7
review: Too easy, or too simple either way i would not play again.
game-hours: 112.4
review: Can't get enough of it, best MMO of all time! With Space Ninjas!!!!
game-hours: 20.7
review: its amazing you just cant seem to stop playing it XD
game-hours: 14.9
review: very fun game i would recommend this game too a first time pc gamer
game-hours: 44.4
review: Super fun when you play with friends or alone with op weapons
game-hours: 319.8
review: really fun game i can highly recommend it. The feel of the game is quite good. theres a nice selection of diffrent types of weapons.
game-hours: 63.3
review: Though it IS mostly pay to have fun, it's got solid foundations as a shooter. Just play through in Online mode and you can watch your guns and Warframe evolve with you and your playing style.
game-hours: 818.6
review: addictive =]
game-hours: 117.2
review: A really enjoyable game.It really is a grindfest but is not that boring,is actually a lot of fun with friends.
game-hours: 1237.5
review: This is an amazing game. The only problem I can see is the fact that the missions get really repetitive. Otherwise, I would recommend this game to any avid gamers out there looking for a free non-pay-to-win game.
game-hours: 563.6
review: lul
game-hours: 1.5
review: Great game! Took like maybe 1 minute to figure out the controls and is very fun. The best part is the fact that you are space ninjas!!!!
game-hours: 2.3
review: It looks so freaking awesome but i cant login ? can somone plz help me i have made an account but i cant login :c
game-hours: 18.7
review: AWESOME game for playing without a good internet connection, it let me play it OFFLINE.
game-hours: 37.4
review: Not an actual F2P title, it's just free to download, pay to play. >mfw level 25 with a walking stick
game-hours: 608.3
review: Buen juego... buena grafrica, entretenido, variabilidades y gratis C:
game-hours: 14.0
review: Awesome game <3
game-hours: 521.0
review: OMG FINALLY THEY UPDATED THIS GAME IT SO AMAZING I LOVE IT SO MUCH I LOVE THE COMPANY!!
game-hours: 9.8
review: Pretty dumb if it says I have to buy it because someone else in my house is playing it. Fix this  Steam.
game-hours: 14.3
review: It's fun but just like most the online competitive "free-to-play" games here, this one would require some ching-ching for you to win and pls no I wasn't trying to be racist. Also, most of the missions would require you to play with more than one person. About the game: I only played briefly as I have the wonderful world of Dota 2 right after I downloaded warframe. Basically what you are is an alien ninja species that can use guns as well, a species called Tenno. The Tenno are almost extinct because of a certain faction which I forgot the name. So, what you'll do is to team up with other Tennos (or you can solo if you buy powerful items using real ching-ching) and defeat the evil faction. There are also some other side missions where you do other stuff idk I haven't played yet. Keep in mind these: -If you're looking for a free to play game, this is a no-no because you'd get bored. -Even though my time was brief I enjoyed it and I had money to spare so it probably helped tremendously with my experience. -I didn't try surviving the game without money, so since it's free and if you have time I'd recommend you to at least try it. Happy gaming guys.
game-hours: 186.8
review: IT is a very fun third person shooter, with a very active dev team that is always working on the next big update and always keeping it fresh and new.
game-hours: 163.8
review: I love how this games controls work and Cyborg Ninjas are epic
game-hours: 18.8
review: fun
game-hours: 935.7
review: Man...where to begin? Are you still searching for the one? this is the one! First of all, after you download this game and start playing a little bit, you'll question yourself; How is this even possible? is this actually free? This, literally can't be free, there must be some mistake --------WF---------------------------------------------------- And i'm not overrating it i'm serious if it weren't free i wouldn't be surprised, Warframe is a hero among others in its age, Pros: +Not a Pay-To-Win. +Amazing graphics, even more amazing, amazing-er with the nVidia physx effects. +Honest Free-To-Play, no paywalls what so ever. +On market, if you want something, you can have it by hunting the resources for it, or its parts. +Really friendly community, ask something you don't know on the 'Region' channel and get a quick answer or if you ask for help you'll get it pretty soon. +The support desk for glitches and bugs and after-update-things Will look into it and figure it out. +Constant new Weapons and new Warframe, with every update you'll see new stuff and maybe, sometimes a bit of the Warframe story/Lore. +New player often told the devs that they can't figure out how this unique warframe universe works- or you know simply how-to-play, the last few updates added the game a huge guide for the new players, you can actually learn the whole game by simply checking it out +A short prologue after you signed in for the first time, will help you greatly. Cons: -There is no actual storyline the player can follow, this is one of the few cons i can tell, so if you want an epic story like a- umm like mass effect? you might not like this. -Yes it Can get repetetive, but the game itself is really awesome, its there when you want it. -The other thing is, lets say you have a finished weapon in the foundry but you reached the capacity of your storage, you have to buy slots with plats the same thing goes with the Warframes too, the game gives you 50 plats at the beginning i recommend using it on the capacity. But you can always use the trade to have the plats, i actually buy plats time to time but i usually use the trade in the game to get plats. I actually regret saying the last con (but as the years past by the steam rewiews are important for the player), beacuse a game like Warframe with a developer team like this, i don't mind buying slots, these guys deserve it, With every update a huge improvement, a lot of new stuff, Dedicated players, a huge community with ever-active match-making, its Warframe and its an honest F2P. Plus, it's cool and it's always there whenever you wanna blow stuff up or assasinate silently, and its free so why not?
game-hours: 24.4
review: Just awesome.
game-hours: 218.8
review: hovna na pasoch 11/10
game-hours: 340.6
review: This game is Friggin Amazing
game-hours: 3.2
review: Warframe is an excellent example of what a free to play game should be. It's not pay to win, though If you find you don't have time to play and grind for what you want just pay with cash. There won't be any "cash only" items, so for those who don't have the money or prefer to earn it you'll be right at home. This Sci-fi third person shooter is a great game for anyone to have in their steam library. Though this game is 100% more enjoyable with friends rather than playing solo. So stop reading and go embark on your quest in space new fellow Tenno!
game-hours: 56.7
review: Very fun and action packed, can be a bit repetative at times but still very fun. If you love action and or sci-fi you will love Warframe.
game-hours: 971.9
review: Farm. Farm. Farm. 630+ hours in and I'm still farmin'
game-hours: 18.3
review: This is a great game. I would highly recommend it to others!
game-hours: 19.4
review: IT IS JUST SO DANDY
game-hours: 1704.6
review: with over 1,400 hours of gameplay i can give you a great review on this game. If you like being able customize your gun, pets, characters and other stuff, this game offers amazing options for that. If you like fast paced action, slicing enemies in half and seeing the epic gore as you feel like a god among the weaklings this game offers that too. Being space ninjas known as Tenno that are given missions by the Lotus(our female overlord) your job is to keep the solar system in balance. Yes you get to go planet to planet and moons as well as you fight the enemy factions! There are the Grineer which are future USMC soldiers that have robot parts, their main leader is Captain Vor. There are also the Corpus, which are a greedy army of humans that use robotic technology to help them in combat. They are what i call futuristic asians lol. Another faction is the Infested, which is basically grineer and corpus + other creatures that got infected with the technicide virus and turned into vicious freaky creatures that stop at nothing to rip your face off. There are bosses of each factions, infact theres about 1 boss per planet/moon in the solar system. BEST THING EVER ABOUT THIS GAME OVER ALL IS THIS. It is free to play. You can pay to get a currency called Platinum which you can use to buy color pallets/ slots for more weapons and guns if you are too lazy to farm for, BUT if you are too poor to buy some, don't worry you can trade with rich players and get platinum from them instead. I personally buy platinum all the time because i love buying cool decorative armor and stuff but you can go your whole life on this game and not spend 1 single penny ever and still be as powerfull as the guy who spent over 100$ already (like i did :P ) I recommend this game, i recommend you change the video settings as well. I dont like the blur or the color correction option and i also dont like the bloom option. But to each their own. this game is 10/10 and the developers are so funny and they love their players and we love them. They even added a feature in the game just because i asked for it. Its pure simple fun and there is always something to do. Coming Update 15 (i dont know when u are reading this) but update 15 is going to blow people away and i hope you stick around because it is worth playing
game-hours: 269.2
review: This game whips all kinds of .
game-hours: 36.7
review: expensive game
game-hours: 0.9
review: nic game :)
game-hours: 11.6
review: great game! but... the price for things are little to high!
game-hours: 1041.5
review: Good co-op experience! , new content almost all the time, time consuming in a good way ! Paying will only make you look good, no stat or damage increase in any way ! Everything can be unlocked without paying ! Well some stuff are for people who have played for a long time. Overall, it's fun to play, but more fun to play with friends ! ( and girlfriends / boyfriends )
game-hours: 299.9
review: Holy space ninjas, this game is pretty great to say the least. You always seem to be in a firefight, plus you get to customize your weapons with mods to make them all powerful. Overall, great game I recommend playing this! :)
game-hours: 39.3
review: Great Game! Although many a times dont find groups :( But awesome fun!
game-hours: 1494.1
review: Guns and suits are completely out of balance, either overpowered or too weak, but devs are too busy pumping out new content to fix that. Once you get to a certain point the challenge completely disappears and apparently people like it that way.
game-hours: 104.3
review: good graphics and gameplay :)
game-hours: 1.7
review: good game
game-hours: 24.7
review: really coo and fun game
game-hours: 24.7
review: really coo and fun game
game-hours: 36.7
review: BRILLIANT!
game-hours: 9.3
review: this game is really cool and has the most innovating controls ive seen in a while
game-hours: 792.3
review: It is a pretty good game. For a while. I put over 700 hours into the game and for the first while it's fun. 700 hours later and the game kinda lost it's touch. It has plenty of weapon and warframe options and stuff, but I feel that the missions are all boring now no matter what I do. Most of the game follows the same formula: >Select Warframe >Select weapons >Select one of the missions you've done 100000 times >complete objective The most exciting thing to do is build a new weapon and warframe but that joy only lasts about five minutes. I still don't have all the weapons but I don't plan on getting them because I find it really boring and unplayable now. I recommend it for the first while but don't expect to keep playing it after you've done every mission.
game-hours: 35.8
review: if you have a bad pc its darksouls with guns
game-hours: 20.9
review: Sliced A Guy In Half Then Chopped His Head And Arms Off 100/10
game-hours: 57.0
review: It's reaptitive but the point of the game is to unlock new stuff like charcters,weapons,ect.then you hve to rank up and unlock planets by beating the main objectives of the other planets amd so on and there are still the updates which and new stuff so yah practiccally endless
game-hours: 285.5
review: Pretty sweet, but pretty complicated as well. Tutorial is a great addition. The game is much better if you have a friend or two to play with.
game-hours: 0.2
review: dosnt let me play when i go on to the game is says udates failed all the time can someone help :D
game-hours: 649.7
review: Great game, keep up the amazing work!
game-hours: 31.7
review: Still need improvement Good graphic Nice gameplay
game-hours: 179.7
review: Excellent game, very good graphics, nicely optimized, gameplay is quite fun, it's not a PvP game as a lot of people might think and though it can be a bit repetitive or a grindfest, still recommend it for everyone to try. it's free-to-play anyway. 9/10
game-hours: 205.0
review: Who doesn't like Space Ninjas?
game-hours: 247.0
review: dont like the controls that mutch but the rest is awesome.
game-hours: 759.0
review: Clocked in over 400 hours. That's over 17 days. ...What happened?
game-hours: 284.0
review: I really enjoy this game. My friends brought it to my attention and I really dont like this genre of game but it really blew me away with how fun, complex and engaging it it. Five stars!
game-hours: 13.3
review: Warframe is like playing futuristic ninjas
game-hours: 14.5
review: its very good
game-hours: 9.8
review: If you like fast paced third person shooters like this it's your game besides the boring storyline and slow in game currnecy it's totally worth it 10/10
game-hours: 353.2
review: So just started to play this game the other day, and I think I may keep going at this.
game-hours: 511.9
review: A fun third person shooter with a lot of dynamic options on how to achieve the mission objectives within missions. The difference between marching down a hallway in nearly invincible armor burning everything in your path or sneaking behind an enemy commander and riddling them with arrows can be achieved by the difference of a warframe and a single weapon. And each unit gets 3 weapon slots per mission (primary ranged weapon, secondary ranged weapon, melee weapon) allowing for many unique capabilities even among the same warframes. And there are hundreds of mods that change damage type and weapon capabilities, making each weapon unique to its owner.
game-hours: 271.0
review: it is a game about being a space ninja not much more to it it is a 3 person shooter with a melee combat system on top Best with 3 other friends as it is a coop game. takes a longe time to grind the materials for the weapons and gear or you can buy it for real money can get boring after some time cos it can be a bit repetitive but all in all have had some very fun time with it so yea try it out for free
game-hours: 8.4
review: WoW :P
game-hours: 107.2
review: it's k
game-hours: 12.0
review: its bad
game-hours: 4.5
review: Great game! The only problem I have with this game is there's no story! It would be awesome to have a single player only story, and also have the missions you do in the game, because after awhile these missions do get repetetive and boring. My rating: 7.5/10
game-hours: 39.0
review: This game is really fun for me. You can also play co-op online. So yeah get it
game-hours: 9.8
review: Best f2p game so far... Everyone should own this!!!
game-hours: 80.1
review: Yes
game-hours: 20.3
review: this game is a very awsome game
game-hours: 75.5
review: This game is pure gold!
game-hours: 0.9
review: looks sick ima try it out lol.
game-hours: 22.2
review: imi place
game-hours: 17.0
review: Okay let's be honest here. Warframe is an excellent free to play game. The graphics are beautiful, gameplay is phenomenal, and the weapons/items differ from those that you would see in other free to play MMOs. This is absolutely a must play for gamers who aren't looking to pay $40 or $50 on one game
game-hours: 473.6
review: New content every week (almost). Third person shooter unlike any I've ever seen. Want to reach the top without spending a single cent? Definitely possible. Beware the RNGods, though.
game-hours: 8.5
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 17.5
review: This game is sexy
game-hours: 156.1
review: It's like a futuristic Diablo and Borderlands 2 made a third person crack baby
game-hours: 0.9
review: i wish it would work so i could play it!! :/ tried restarting computer, reinstalling, etc. I watched my brother play and was excited to play also.....but now :(
game-hours: 980.7
review: I Really enjoy the Warframe's unique and stealthy mechanics, the many ways you can kill an opponent, the various and unique weapons one could use especially the game's mod system. This game starts slow but once you reach a certain level any playstyle will be playable by any player thus there is no one playstyle a player should follow, thus I praise this game for that very aspect. I dislike the fact that most warframes are "press to win" warframes and would like to see warframes with more mobility based abilities like ninjas would. I give this game a 9/10
game-hours: 2.6
review: Good Co-op
game-hours: 382.3
review: Just a heads up. This game has about a 100+ hour learning curve, but well worth the effort.
game-hours: 107.1
review: There are few words the can be used to decribe teh game that is called Warframe. But I find that awesome space ninjas works quite well! It's a great game, and it's free to play!
game-hours: 249.4
review: I think that the amount of hours that I have played is a clear recomendation. Its F2P so give it a try today!
game-hours: 1136.8
review: Despite peoples claims for it being a "Pay2Win" game you'd be terribly mistaken. All frames are obtainable through regular play. You can choose to invest real money if you so wish to get the frames you wish or you may choose to get it as you would with any other game. It's not a mmo, more of a 4-player Co-op Third Person action game. Allowing you to take control of a Warframe. Refered too as "Tenno" the race controlling it. (Basically you're a space ninja.) You get to zip line, Run along walls, back flip walls, slash a big  sword and generally kick . There are three factions: Corpus, Grineer and Infested. Infested: The Infested are mostly melee based. With strange alien/corrupted creatures that can inflict deadly poisons or maul you to death. Corpus: The Corpus are like the evil science type guys. These have Moa robots. (Practically guns with legs.) They mostly use lazer weapons. Not only that there are melee corpus who make use of electric prods. (nasty) As well as the annoying shield spray robots which can repair the shields of foes around it, Grineer: The Grineer unlike the corpus have more "standard*" type weapons. Less futuristic. They also have melee uses who try to slice you. You'll find them doing a lot of damage if they successfully land a hit. Originally this game had started off as something so very small. With only a few frames: Loki, Excalibur, Volt, Rhino and Mag it slowly started growing and becoming so much more. Really basic levels and basic movement and have strongly benefitted from constant player feedback improving the game with every update. The game is extremely responsive however be prepared to get a hand ache after hours of play with how much you need to keep moving to avoid enemies and help allies. One minor issue for me is that this game lacks any cover mechanic. (enemies can cover but you are unable to.) Blocking is in the game but it also feels rather pointless since I've found myself in little to no situations where it was actually neccesary or helpful. It is also assigned by default to mouse button 4. If you're old fashioned like me and have a mouse with only 3 buttons you may need to assign it to a spot on your keyboard. The game is simple, the graphics amazing. It works on my really sub-standard PC with a graphics card as basic as an ASUS EAH6450 with a simple (God-awful) AMD Athlon 64 Processor 3200+ 1.99 Ghz and 3.00GB of RAM running Win-XP SP3. (Yes this pc is about as old as the hills.) You may not be able to play with friends with a PC like this but you sure as hell can play the game at well over 30fps and as far as I'm concerned that is absolutely astonishing. Considering many other games with worse graphics than this run about as fast as a snale on salt. Do I recommend this game? Hell yes, I would recommend it to everyone. Even if you wouldn't like it. Try it anyway since it's free to play and you really just can't complain. (I've had more hours out of this beauty than I have out of any AAA $60.00 piece of over hyped trash.)
game-hours: 1839.6
review: great game
game-hours: 1.8
review: This game is amazing
game-hours: 6.3
review: Fun stuff, great time killer in solo, and tons of fun with friends. Early missions are a cakewalk, but it definitely has it's challenging moments. Love how the game evolves with the player.
game-hours: 26.2
review: snot bad for free :O
game-hours: 90.5
review: I think everyone should get this as it as lot of adventure and blood and killing and killer weapons!!!
game-hours: 33.9
review: .
game-hours: 83.4
review: I love this game, the interface is fun and not too complicated, the game itself keeps me entertained for a long while and when you actually come across other fun players, it's even better!
game-hours: 605.0
review: Its fun for a time then you get bored(Best thing to do when you are board is just stop playing and wait for an update) You eventually come back to the game though
game-hours: 270.2
review: An awesome FREE game!!!!!!
game-hours: 35.2
review: Its a nice instanced, co-op shooter. Be sure to read the wiki as there isn't alot of explaination about some useful stuff.
game-hours: 34.9
review: Very good game i would play it for countless hours if real life didnt barge in.
game-hours: 82.2
review: GOOD
game-hours: 12.4
review: WARNING!!!If you download this game you will never see the sunlight again!
game-hours: 65.4
review: This game is just beautiful. i love it
game-hours: 23.6
review: Digital Extreames. You might know the name looking on the back of the StarTrek game of 2013. They did awful on that, so this has to be the same right? If you think that Warframe is the same as StarTrek, please, download this game to see how wrong you are. StarTrek had some hype to it. It looked good, but playing was not the same. Warframe didn't have much hype when I first downloaded it. It looked too good for my computer, and so after turning down the graphical settings, I finally got to experiance this bliss. I'm not going to drag on with this one like I do most of my reviews. It'll be as quick as it did to make me fall in love with this game. So graphics, I've never seen anything more beautiful. Controls are tight, resposive, and swift. Map design is ingenious, with corridors and platforms, different goals for ships, and loot a-plenty. Pay to win aspect is pretty much not there. It's more of "You can earn this item but it's also avalable for purchase", making handing over money an option rather then a task. The bouncy Shoot-N'-Slash combat is mindblowing, sounds are the best I've heard ever, and over all Warframe is something you should download right now. I'm not one for the whole rating system, but I have to give this a 10\10. It is amazing, and whoever is curious to download it, please get a better computer or a PS4 so you can experiance the tubular graphics while playing an off the hizzy game.
game-hours: 125.1
review: Well this game is really fun with its parkour, weapons, enemies and daily challenges but it gets boring around the 50-60 hour mark because every map starts to look the same.... but its a free game so go ahead and pick it up for and have fun with it ;P
game-hours: 4.9
review: I liked this game because i got to stare and grope hairy ballsacks and thats just something you dont find in alot of games nowadays, so in conclusion we need more free to plays like warframe, because my ballsack gropeing O meter is almost empty and if it goes to zero i get cancer.
game-hours: 251.0
review: Very good game with high end graphics for a low end gaming comphuter. Very grinding and events are very fun. Gets very very challenging at later points.
game-hours: 686.6
review: I've been playing this game for a year now, and with about 430- hours of gameplay, i must say... this is something else. Gameplay: Game being in open beta, gameplay is bound to change in the time after I write this review, for now it has a good selection of game modes (most of them Pve, becuase of lore there is not much point on PvP, although there is some) most of the game boiling down to you crushing, slashing, piercing, burning and blowing up all the enemies that are in front of you. Speaking of which, there are 3 mayor groups of enemies, this may seem a little short but its really not much of a problem, as each branches in several types of enemies that give variety to the game. Economically: First of, I never trust free-to-play games, you play for a while and *BAAM* "Give us money!!!", warframe changed that for me, with accessible prices, discounts (25%,50% and 75%) and the chance to get the paid currency (platinum, plat for short) by selling to other players what you get throught sheer effort and don't need/want. There are, however, a really few limitations to those who can't get platinum, such as a limited space of warframes(suits of armor) and weapons(primary, secondary and melee, then again this slots are the cheapest platinum-paid items in-game, so spending your free inicial 50 plats wisely, you can fix this problem as you play the game. All the other things (leaving aside most aesthetics) in-game can be obtained by playing the game, pretty much every gameplay (permanent weapon and warframe boosters and the like) that can be obtained by paying, can be obtained by playing. Verdict: 10/10 This game is at least a must-try, it's everything a free-to-play should be, you can feel that the people behind it want you to play it to share the love for the game and, in my opinion, they charge as much as to keep themselves floating and the game developing, just as they should.
game-hours: 26.7
review: best ing game ever :)
game-hours: 790.3
review: And yes . warframe is a good game that only supported a few OS but not including windows XP home edition or later . i downloaded warframe in the cyber cafe but it cant run , it displayed ( propably ) > u must run warframe in windows XP , windows Xp 3 or later , i hope u guys can change the supporting OS and let more people launch happilly . yes im the 1 of the warframe player , but my pc is now under format . so that i play in he cyber cafe .
game-hours: 39.8
review: try warframe its epic you can run on walls the downside that it takes ages to download plus you can select your charecter and you can unlock mods for your player , pistols and guns
game-hours: 22.5
review: Warframe is one of the better free-to-play games because it doesn't have a pay to win setup. Almost everything in the game can be gotten simply by playing the game except: cosmetic items, temporary boosters, and extra slots to hold more weapons, and warframes in your inventory. It does requires alot of commitment to get to the higher levelled parts of the game, and can be off-putting to some people. Starting off can be difficult and is best played with a group of friends to help with fulling a party to make missions easier. Joining a clan is recommended in this game because there is alot of content that needs to be researched in a clan dojo before you can make it. The further you get into warframe the better it gets because you get to take part in special events, fight new enemy types and bosses, tryout new gametypes, find rare mods and weapons, and even prime gear.
game-hours: 752.9
review: Its a good game , its even better when you joined a friendly and outgoing clan
game-hours: 1147.7
review: i like the fact that every item in the game can be aquired threw running keys or bosses it has decent graphics and it is being updated fairly often
game-hours: 38.0
review: Space Ninjas, Thats all you need to know.
game-hours: 23.9
review: A fun free to play game that keeps getting better!
game-hours: 436.0
review: Grindy, confusing and boring. very pretty, kinda fast, but that's all it's got. combat is either stupidly easy, or ly hard. UI is confusing, Starting tutorials are broken (there is always someone asking about a broken something or other in the lobby chat), weapon/armour upgrades make next to no sense. on top of all that the game doesnt even explain itself untill you're already 2 hours in, and even then you actually have to go looking for it deep in the forgotten menus of moria. I played a couple of multiplayer missions back in the day with a group and it was ridiculous, 3 newbies and a single guy who just blizted everything. played another game after the recent patch, same deal. that one guy who looks like he's spent thousands of dollars of real money on fancy armour customisations comes along and expects you all to be as good as he is right out of the box, then yells at you when he dies because you didnt save him. I cannot in good faith recommend warframe as a completed product given the massive amounts of bugs and constant overhauls of the core game mechanics. download at your peril. Editing this review: going to leave the initial review up there, for integrity's sake. the saving graces this game has are few, but substantial. the previous review I wrote while i was rather miffed, so it shouldnt be paid too much attention. The community is lovely, and usually that massively overpowered guy in the pimped out armour will help you find where you need to be, or give you some good tips as far as how to fight, or move. playing with friends is great, it feels like a whole different game when you are fighting alongside a couple friends and communicating well. as for what I said about the combat, yes at times it can be rediculously hard, but I think that's mostly due to the randomization of the levels and placement of enemies that is done by the game. I enjoy a challenge, so when the game spawns 4 times as many enemies as usual it's a chance to show myself how much of a badass I am, or go down in a blaze of glory. the tutorial I've heard should be fixed now, which is good for new players. I've also heard there's going to be another large change to the gameplay coming, and it's reminded me that a game that evolves with it's players is a very interesting thing. still, this game does have a steep learning curve and a lot of things that feel like grind, which I still disagree with. but gad dang is it purty. this has to be one of the best looking games I've ever seen, many many cinematic moments. so there you go. download at your peril, and if you do? welcome to the fray Tenno.
game-hours: 533.2
review: Fun and addicting game
game-hours: 82.9
review: Space ninjas in space!
game-hours: 23.2
review: ITS F2P. LEGIT F2P.
game-hours: 355.6
review: Space ninjas, guns, and extremely fun co-op. This is my favorite game i have.
game-hours: 1.8
review: its aight. :3
game-hours: 50.9
review: Free game to pass the time. Basically a PVE Instance Shooter with up to 4 people. Kind of restricted unless you spend real money, but you still have access to everything with a bit of a grind.
game-hours: 22.5
review: too much fun i just wish i had a better pc to play it on.
game-hours: 17.4
review: This has a potiental to get amazing, it's a free game! How could you rate it? I like the game, although it's not the best. It's worth the hard drive space. I don't like the game's mechanics and code source, I think it's JavaScript instead of python but overall it's great
game-hours: 69.1
review: Beautiful game
game-hours: 4.7
review: I like this ninja game high HD and good control
game-hours: 49.2
review: Im really sad, because I can't log in my account :(. Basically when i donwloaded it, then i registered in warframe website and afterwards when i activated acc, i loged in and started playing it. I played it 2 day,then when i tried towt log in again, i just couldn't, i even tried changing pass few times- didn't work! Btw when steam asked to join waframes account with steam economy i declined it all the time. So if somebody knows the problem you would really help me. Please HELP ME!!! :D
game-hours: 78.0
review: One of the best games i have ever played
game-hours: 0.5
review: I know im da scout but dis game is amazing when u dont have a computer dats laggy my computer is soooo laggy dat i hide it from da heavy and soilder!!! i love tf2 cuz im apart of it im the scout :D
game-hours: 368.8
review: cool game and story but most of the feature you have to pay :( ( 3.5/5 )
game-hours: 348.8
review: I like how people that spent 2.000 hours on this game are giving it a thumbs down :D. Seriously kids, this is a fun game and you should play it.
game-hours: 98.4
review: I have got 93 hours (so far) of entertainment out of a free to play I presume that makes this a good game
game-hours: 661.9
review: I would recommend this game to anyone who likes to have fun.
game-hours: 10.5
review: Awesome game love to play it i just wish i had someone to play with so please download and try it if you like it send a message and we can play
game-hours: 42.5
review: Greatest Free to Play game ever
game-hours: 664.3
review: This is an absolutely great game! The part that makes it better is that it is free! This game is basically about space ninjas. You are a Tenno and you must help the solar system. During the process you can also upgrade your equipment to make you the ultimate Tenno. It also features four player coop which is extremely fun with friends.
game-hours: 282.8
review: Fantastic game!!!!
game-hours: 203.5
review: Aewsomzz! :D
game-hours: 862.4
review: If you don't like grinding, I suggest you discontinue this read. "Expensive game. Made changes to compensate against speed runners which ruined the potiental in this game. Enjoyed choosing between being stealthy, or switching to combat. Now near impossible to do multiplayer stealth." - This was my old review. I now do recommend this game, however it still is a grind fest. I am happy that they fixed the spawn rates, stealth system, and included a few new game modes to help grinding. Positives +Many Game Modes: Survival, Defense, Capture, Spy, etc, all a bit different. +Lots of different equipments and warframes to chooe from to help ease the grinding. +Multiplayer runs, dojo/clan systems. +Clans can build their own base. +Interesting PvP system for dueling, clan wars, and territory ownership. +Everything in the shop can be built, best items aren't avaliable for purchase on cash. +Trading system that includes trading in-game currency and cash-currency +Material listed planet by planet to help find the materials you need. +Neat Damage 2.0 and Melee 2.0 system to put a lot of details into equipment and battle. Negatives -Lots of items require 12-24 hours to build. Warframes being 72 hours (After the 12 hour parts are built) -Only option to speed build items is real money. -Cash store is really really expensive. (Ex: 20 Plat for a colours to customize your own warframe) -Customization to personalize your warframe all cost money, very few choices can be earned by in-game currency. -Some of the warframes are a little overpowered, and some are very underpowered. -Limited slots of owning weapons and warframe. (Cost money to get more slots) I find once you find your kind of warframe, and weapons. The grind isn't so bad.
game-hours: 36.3
review: its an awesome game indeed , u have to try it
game-hours: 394.6
review: TENOUTTATEN would play again
game-hours: 7.1
review: the best!!! it's getting better after the 13.0 update
game-hours: 422.0
review: Warframe is oK!
game-hours: 858.9
review: Get THIS NOWWW :P
game-hours: 21.8
review: The best free-to-play game of the solar system. The graphics is so awesome and i dont even have enabled phys-x for more particles. Its online game but it looks like some A-grade game. Combat is awesome, all is awesome. Im really happy that this game is free to play. Really....try for yourself ^^
game-hours: 69.3
review: ,   .   .     .
game-hours: 215.5
review: FUN FUN FUN!!!! This Co-Op PVE FPS style game is a must play with terrific graphics with nvidia physX technology and high paced customized combat this game won't die anytime soon. Think Mass Effect combat with CO-Op play and fully customizable ninja nano-suites ;)
game-hours: 332.9
review: Very fun game that feels like it changes each time you play or DE (Digital Extremes) releases an update. This game just sucks up your money, though...oh well.
game-hours: 21.9
review: it is one of those games that you increace your self and your stuff and the levels get more intense with high overpowerd action with third-person shooter games that you could go on a day playing it and never get bored
game-hours: 158.5
review: !
game-hours: 16.9
review: Very nice
game-hours: 821.0
review: Quite an enjoyable expirence once you put enough time into it.
game-hours: 17.0
review: it is pretty fun game
game-hours: 19.8
review: Very fun and easy to get a hang of. Recommended.
game-hours: 371.5
review: REMOVE BEGGARS remove beggars you are worst scrubs. you are the scrub idiot you are the scrub smell. return to officil forum and reddot. to our forum cousins you may come our clan. you will live in pending list...ahahahaha,reddit we will never forgeve you. scrub  but   scrub stink beggars shazbot..srub genocide best day of my life. take a bath of dead scrubs.. ahahahahahREDDIT WE WILL GET YOU!! do not forget MOA event .warfram japan we  score on, gook return to your precious china...hahahahaha idiot poor smell so bad. REMOVE BEGGARS FROM THE PREMISES. grineeer alive in warbros, grineeer making praise of warbros.devs=warbros. we are rich and have plat now hahahaha you are poor stink scrub you live in corridor hahahaha, you have no dojo
game-hours: 352.9
review: Amazing graphics over all wounderful game
game-hours: 297.6
review: Warframe is a third-Person shooter that has you running around missions doing objectives and slicing up or shooting anyone who gets in your way!
game-hours: 43.5
review: Great game with a cool/in-depth atmosphere. Very immersive, and polished combat/upgrade mechanics. I not really one to care much for the detailed, and probably exeptional plot, But definately worth playing!
game-hours: 3.1
review: ok game
game-hours: 867.0
review: This is a must-to-play for anyone who apresiates a action game with beutifull combact mechanics that features aton of weapons from blades,axes,dagers,guns,lazer,launchers,knifes,shotguns and dont forget the best part,ninjas play free :)
game-hours: 191.3
review: best free to play ever
game-hours: 53.9
review: I have played Ash through much of my time on this game. It has great fast paced gameplay and is definitly challenging. Customizations are a little limited if you don't pay for them but regardless custimizations are not necessary. Overall great game definitly reccomended
game-hours: 622.5
review: Probably the best free-to-play game I played so far. It's not an MMO. You just join a battle and play till the end and then over and over again. During first 30 hours of gameplay you realize how many different cool things out there and want to check all of them out. Then you play for about 100 hours more enjoying a very dynamic gameplay and trying to finish all the planets. Whenever you think you've done probably everything you may find yourself in a situation where you'd want to FARM a lot of very rare things. I've played for almost 300 hours and I haven't yet upgraded even a single weapon or warframe to a perfect state. Not to say less this game is really amazing and with frequent updates and changes to mechanics the game becomes even more amazing.
game-hours: 59.9
review: Can be fun if you lay with friends but otherwise...Well download and see ^_^
game-hours: 72.0
review: Salad!
game-hours: 18.0
review: Warframe is one fast-paced good time! The graphics are phenominal, the gameplay is nearly flawless, with a few bugs here and there (that being understandeable since the game is still in beta), and the multiplayer is exhilerating! 8.5/10
game-hours: 809.9
review: Top 3rd person shooter game WARFRAME
game-hours: 108.9
review: this game is awesome if youve ever wanted to play a space ninja type game then download this now!
game-hours: 4.1
review: When I first started this game, I thought it was pretty awesome. I had a great time running through the missions and just playing with other people. Then, I noticed the pay to win feature in later missions. That's probably the only thing I dislike about the game. For example, the first time I played with a player who payed to get a sentinel, his sentinel killed everything and all the rest of us could do was follow him. But, then I realized that even with players like that, the game still maintains a pretty good challenge of trying to out do them and just trying to win. TL;DR: It's really really pay to win but still would recommend.
game-hours: 155.0
review: erfghjkl
game-hours: 27.2
review: Devenez un Ninja maintenant ! avec ce jeu pleins de ... Surprise et de COOP ! :D
game-hours: 557.3
review: yyes !!! :) (Y)
game-hours: 14.0
review: Pros: Friggin space ninja's, Color Customizable characters, more warframes than you know what to do with, Cons: NONE
game-hours: 6.3
review: This game is amazing, a third person shooter with amazing graphics...and the fact that it is a f2p, just amazing 10/10
game-hours: 19.0
review: Probably one of the best games I have ever played. Didn't think I would like it but just how smooth it runs and how fun it is just won me over. 10/10 would recomend.
game-hours: 266.8
review: Excellent 3rd person shooter, 100% free yet not pay-to-win. Fun coop.
game-hours: 84.7
review: Beast if you enjoy the grind.
game-hours: 58.1
review: fun
game-hours: 605.0
review: HOLY  IT HAS ROBOTS, WHAT OTHER REASON IS THERE NEEDED TO PLAY IT! JUST ING LOOK THAT ROBOT HAS A KICK- SWORD, WHAT THE  ELSE DO YOU NEED IN A GAME? I GET ROCK HARD JUST THINKING ABOUT IT
game-hours: 2.3
review: This game isn't gay! :D AND IT'S FRRREEEEEE!!!
game-hours: 997.3
review: Space ninjas.
game-hours: 1781.7
review: 10/10 would shoot again.
game-hours: 1127.8
review: This game is, by far, one of my favorites. The biggest reason? It's not pay to win. All the best stuff, you have to make. Well, that and its totally kickass.
game-hours: 5.4
review: its very fun being all silent and shiz and even more fun with friends
game-hours: 25.6
review: cool, I like the swords so I can go slashy slashy.
game-hours: 3.9
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!! (and that all there is to say
game-hours: 106.2
review: This is the most time I've spent on a Free To Play game. It is more fun than it has any right to be. It is Phantasy Assassin's Bordercell 5 and it kicks all of the asses. Play this game with me and everyone you know.
game-hours: 19.3
review: fhfgjj
game-hours: 10.2
review: My Picture tells this review..
game-hours: 5.0
review: very good game im starting to get hooked
game-hours: 8.4
review: Its a good game, Apart from theres no teamwork, Everyone just runs around trying to come 1st. No one actully works as as team but still, good game :D
game-hours: 28.7
review: The game links parkour to third person shooting with an amazing lore. The game provides different wepons and the variety of skills is what makes it specials, different moves and finishes can be done in many different way.The game also provides the alternative ways of gameplay.Either you play stealthy or go in blasting your rifle into enemie's face.The game is really fun and you can hardly get bored from the gameplay I would surely rate this (8.8/10)
game-hours: 733.4
review: its an amazing game and its free so theres no reason why you shouldent get is right now.
game-hours: 335.6
review: Great Game! The Gunplay is top notch and the leveling system makes this a really good time sink.
game-hours: 8.2
review: This is where ninjas are born. Awesome game!
game-hours: 126.6
review: Warframe is a third person action co-op game. It provides a wide variety of warframes, weapons and other customisation. If you like being a futuristic ninja, this a game that is suitable for you :)
game-hours: 104.9
review: Un bon jeu de ninja de l'espace. Pas un chef d'oeuvre, mais carrement pas un laidron... Un jeu trs bon en multi, clairement pas fait pour le solo, o on s'ennuie rapidement.
game-hours: 7.1
review: 10/10 would ninja stealth skills
game-hours: 135.9
review: this is a fun game that you can play with your friends. i havent seen a game in a while like this. its so addictive and fun.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Pretty nice game consindiring its is free godd graphics
game-hours: 5.1
review: To be honest this game is like Rengoku if you know that game
game-hours: 8.3
review: fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
game-hours: 501.1
review: Fun.
game-hours: 5.9
review: its just like how it looks
game-hours: 1731.8
review: .
game-hours: 10.9
review: Insanely fun, simple and yet, challenging. there are bugs here and they're but mostly minor things. My one complaint is that the game looks fantastic except in the jungles. Its like they lost interest and said heck with it, that or they hired a team that only has experience with making metalic props. but the game itself i'd give five stars, bravo, bravo.
game-hours: 34.5
review: It's free, what do you have to lose?
game-hours: 59.6
review: If you love third person ninja shoot-em-ups, then this free title is for you. It boasts amazing graphics and latest features while keeping the requirements at a decent medium. The variety of characters and weapons give this game much color and room to master. I recommend this to all of you, just for it's mere size of ~2GB.
game-hours: 124.2
review: Very good game. Fun to play with your friends and can sometimes get challenging
game-hours: 1024.6
review: I CAN'T STOP PLAYING
game-hours: 0.5
review: AWESOME GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:D
game-hours: 16.3
review: nice game, atmospheric scenes while playing, even though it is and online 3ps.
game-hours: 46.1
review: NEEED help can login to dis game really want to play this game :(
game-hours: 8.1
review: Awesome! :)
game-hours: 222.5
review: The diffuclty of obtaining everything is the only downside to the game. Other than that, it's amazing!
game-hours: 9.6
review: it is a nice game! trust me this is all im gonna say
game-hours: 601.1
review: My favorite game and still playing since closed beta. The bio-armors (or frames) have a great design as the entire game. The combat style is real fast and gives you a large edge for tactics and customization. Updates are made in a fair schedule. The veredisct is: awesome.
game-hours: 325.8
review: Ninjas, ninjas in space.
game-hours: 176.7
review: Best game i've ever played!
game-hours: 3.1
review: Not bad.
game-hours: 2871.5
review: in my pants.
game-hours: 2.7
review: Really good F2P! :D
game-hours: 114.9
review: The co-op in this game is extraordinary!!
game-hours: 90.6
review: THIS IS MY FAVOURITE GAME EVAAAAAARRRR!!!
game-hours: 158.2
review: You're a space ninja that kills anything that moves just for crafting materials. 10/10
game-hours: 347.2
review: Warframe delivers a wide variety of unique quests and some secret rooms and the rank up building new weapons , warframes lets get started: Cons: - building takes alot of time between 12 - 24 hours! - if you reached rank 10 you'll feel bored cause you wont unlock anything - argon crystal is a very rare item can be found in void only - if you want to build more warframes you need to buy slot with platinumand so with the weapons Pros: + unique F2P + many kinds of warframes + void and bosses give you a pretty good challenge especially T IV + no payment walls rating: 7.9 / 10 (since it stills on beta the review and rating may change)
game-hours: 110.0
review: Im not sure what it is but this game sucks you in and there is no known way getting away from it.
game-hours: 364.0
review: a fantastic rpg like tps with a good elements and the stealth is great but not alot of players see it as is a great way to clear stages and most classes are great and the co op is good but tip of mine the nyx is the hardest becouse your team can kill your cantroled unit so i saw rarely glitches but its great 8/10
game-hours: 18.3
review: Its an amazing third person shooter. It has missions you can play with friends, quests, and even parkour! The amazing part is that its almost lag free!
game-hours: 1.3
review: great for hours and FREE
game-hours: 1.3
review: warframe is really fun because i really love third person games
game-hours: 14.2
review: Best!
game-hours: 24.6
review: Pretting fun and intence multiplayer co-op game. lots of content for a free to play, little bit of a learning curve but once you get the hang of it its pretty fun.
game-hours: 251.3
review: Great fun - unfortunately a bit costly if you want stronger weapons! (Taking in account R1 = $10+)
game-hours: 488.3
review: This game has more martial arts and grinding than Jackie Chan and Jay-Z running a nightclub falling  over teakettle on acid
game-hours: 232.9
review: this game rocks
game-hours: 132.1
review: Great game, try it and you will be hook
game-hours: 73.5
review: Well, to start of, this is a free to play game, so you can expect that you have 2 ways to earn your things... you either pay or work hard for it. the gameplay itself its great, and sometimes very team based. i dont understand the push to talk system because, when your playing with a bunch of people its hard to tell who is talking.
game-hours: 31.2
review: Try it... NOW!
game-hours: 208.7
review: I didnt get a bonus.
game-hours: 0.3
review: but they need a mac version too because i just got a new mac and would love to play it on my own computer
game-hours: 109.9
review: Pretty fun
game-hours: 33.7
review: Fun game. For free. lots of action and shotting
game-hours: 163.7
review: INSANELY fun. Really graphically intensive though. I suggest turning your graphics settings in the game to the lowest setting.
game-hours: 309.7
review: This game is awesome, and it's free. Really, it's free! You can get almost everything. All warframes, weapons, etc. (excluding new colours, some customization stuff) can be crafted.
game-hours: 75.1
review: Great game, even if it does feel grindy sometimes. It is great fun to be had, especially if you are a part of a good clan
game-hours: 4.4
review: pro
game-hours: 32.2
review: so this game is about being a ninja... IN SPACE!
game-hours: 140.8
review: You're a ninja and you kickass, all you need to know.
game-hours: 356.5
review: I recommend this game with FULL intensity, AND GREAT GREAT GREAT GRAPHICS (that I cant run)
game-hours: 191.0
review: good game but gets boring after you half way through the game its basicly a grind
game-hours: 1008.9
review: Mass effect   :D
game-hours: 178.3
review: I my self must say this is a game that is amazing it may not seem like it but ive seen this game evolve in to what it is now and it has become something that i would say is one of the best free to plays out there.
game-hours: 323.1
review: Swietna darmowa gra. Porownalbym do Global Agenda gdzie sie robilo w 4 osoby dungeony PVE, tylko ze w GA bylo ich zaledwie kilka. Tutaj jest ponad 270, jest losowosc i duze mapy. Global Agenda byla glownie nastawiona na PVP a tutaj jest glownie PVE i kooperacja. Problem w tym, ze zbyt duzo przedmiotow, broni i klas postaci jest za prawdziwe pieniadze, choc mozna robic misje i zbierac materialy co wypadaja z wrogow i tworzyc samemu przedmioty. Najgorsze jest to ze jak sie ma juz materialy to zeby wytworzyc przedmiot trzeba czekac kilkanascie godzin, chyba ze sie zaplaci prawdziwe pieniadze zeby przyspieszyc. Gra jest dosc latwa i wiekszosc misji biegnie sie caly czas przed siebie. Dla milosnikow kooperacji i losowosci moze byc.
game-hours: 88.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 497.6
review: Very good game. u can get all by spamming a chat and sell stuff for plat (boring like hell) It have a  24h wait for lvl up mission that is.. . Just that, . :)
game-hours: 748.6
review: Another recommendation that took me far too long to write, Warframe. Like I've said before, and I'll say it again, you can never go wrong with free, especially not when it's got the amount of polish that Warframe has. Space ninjas, put plain and simple; with fast-paced action, some little puzzles here and there, and relatively bug-free overall. Crafting systems are quite rewarding, and a clan system that's actually beneficial in some way rather than the traditional nametag added to your username. Threatening bosses, procedural levels, and randomized obectives oh my! Warframe, is the , that is all ladies and gentlemen, good evening. 8.5/10
game-hours: 87.7
review: Excellent game! My favorite shooter at this time
game-hours: 7.1
review: best game multiplayer and solo game .... yes good game i louve it..
game-hours: 1964.6
review: I've been playing warframe since it was released on open beta. Since then it has evolved considerably (for the better I might add). With every update comes new weapons and often new modes of gameplay which continue to keep the game fun and interesting. Aside from the excellent flow in gameplay, the social aspect of the game allows you to connect with your friends quite easily and build clans and clan homes together in cooperative efforts to better your standing in the community. I definitely recommend this game. It's fun, accessible by those who want to play free as well as pay to win, and it is ever changing and growing.
game-hours: 1380.3
review: 10 out of 10 would buy again ;)
game-hours: 442.0
review: Now that I've added this on Steam I'd like to say that I've been with Warframe since early closed beta and it's been nothing but a joy to watch this game grow to what it is and what it will be. If someone told me 5 years ago this type of game would be FTP I wouldn't have believed them. Warframe is like Mass Effect 3's multiplayer on speed, and the beta aspect of the game means that it's constantly adding new things and getting better. Just when you start to get tired of it, it implements new assets, features, gameplay mechanics etc., thanks to an incredible development crew behind it, who regurarly interact with the community.
game-hours: 5.0
review: While not necessary your average MMORPG, Warframe certaintly carries a unique perspective in its leveling-up systems, looting and customization (not to mention being very addictive) while slicing and shooting down enemies cooperatively with friends or amongst a variety of other players online. Warframe definatley is a game that stands out from others like it and is definatley well worth the price.
game-hours: 40.0
review: Love the easy to get into fast paced fun
game-hours: 470.6
review: This is a AMAZINGING GAME!!!! It says Ninjas play free, and everyone kick . Honestly this game will keep you entertained for ages. It is worth the wait, everyone should get it!!
game-hours: 209.6
review: PLAY THIS NOW
game-hours: 490.5
review: Cool Game!
game-hours: 5.6
review: This game is a little hard to get into at first but once you do its really fun.
game-hours: 80.1
review: Very tight combat, decent lore, fast gameplay, clan wars and events. Pretty good considering the game isn't 'finished' yet. I know what I'll be wasting my life with.
game-hours: 47.1
review: Fun to play. Nice game play and story too! Nice customizations, but I wish there would be more items we could buy with the common 'ingame' golds.
game-hours: 567.7
review: >ninjas >space >lazer >boom >magic > >more magic 11/10 got explosions
game-hours: 337.8
review: Great game. Allows you to get the full benefit of all upgrades without having to actually buy anything else with real money, it's just slower. All information for parts online, super easy if you're looking to get a specific warframe. This is a good choice.
game-hours: 552.7
review: Pretty damn awesome game. The first game that made me a PC gamer.
game-hours: 2036.8
review: Warframe is alot of fun expecially for free. If you put more than 10-20 hours into the game your going to want to put some cash into the game as slots for weapons / warframes can be pricey and needed. Overall is a great game and i dont mind giving the devs some money as they keep rolling out updates nearly every week.
game-hours: 40.9
review: A pretty neat game, though the coolest weapons require an investment. You don't HAVE to spend any money on the game, but remember this: A grindable item is only free if your time has no value. Budget accordingly.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Pretty boring after a while. Becomes a bit of a grindfest.
game-hours: 325.6
review: Awesome game, hours of fun, a must try for free.
game-hours: 11.3
review: This is the best game i have ever played while it's in beta! It's fun and it's got good graphics. At some points it's hard and challenging but that means that you have to bulk up! PLUS it's free! What's not to like?
game-hours: 323.9
review: This is one of my favorite games of all time!
game-hours: 1.9
review: good game
game-hours: 335.2
review: Yes.
game-hours: 442.7
review: Alright so here's the deal as far as 3rd person multiplayer online shooters goes this is one of the best games I've ever played, and I was worried it'd be pay to win, but more or less there is a point where it is pay to progress, however with incentives like log in bonus which can provide up to 75% off their in game currency spending $10-20 bucks really gets you far and gets you quite a bit. I normally don't like games where you have to pay to progress, but $25 bucks for a game that has given me 400+ hours of play isn't half bad. It may not be everyones cup of tea, but its f2p, give it a try.
game-hours: 205.9
review: Very Good Game!
game-hours: 8.4
review: Never liked this game just could never see the point in it
game-hours: 879.7
review: it's okay
game-hours: 212.6
review: Best Hack n Slash/FPSMmo ever played.
game-hours: 97.2
review: Yeah, yeah, cool game ... it took 450 hours of my life ( not played it on Steam from the beginning ) ...
game-hours: 6.4
review: Awesome & F2P!!
game-hours: 7.5
review: 8.5/10, Needs Hats
game-hours: 2.4
review: Pure badass REALLY fast paced game not that easy the game is mostly about your a ninja and...in space..cant be more epic lol well you get deployed toward spaceships and planets many game mods i STRONGLY recomend this game
game-hours: 835.8
review: One of the best F2P games out there, there is a vast variety of classes that you can play as and hundreds of weapons. May be bad in the beginning, but once you get your hands on your first good weapon, whether it be the Braton or Strun, it's a great game. 11/10
game-hours: 35.7
review: Lotta fun, sweet graphics, and I love how you can build all the different characters from in game collectables. Not just pay to win either
game-hours: 1697.7
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 29.0
review: play this game i dosent take much to play
game-hours: 8.8
review: Sweeeeeet...
game-hours: 31.4
review: Great game but I have many problems with crashing. I would recomend this game if it didnt crash so much.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Fast paced, just what you might ask for in a 3rd person shooter, I enjoy it as I play it on ps4 and pc
game-hours: 8.2
review: BEST...GAME...EVER
game-hours: 1.6
review: Good!
game-hours: 53.9
review: This game absolutely amazing and extremely addicting! The graphics are awesome; the gameplay is fluid, and I, personally, experience very little lag, even though my computer is not that great and lags on most games I play or try to play. The character customization is also very good, even if you don't have any money since some extra colors are available to you for free. And, if you do have the money, the possibilites are nearly endless from changing what type of Warframe you use to what body type it has to the decorative armor pieces that it wears, and the various color palletes give a vast aray of possible color combinations. The only thing I'd even think to complain about is how the maps tend to repeat, but, at the same time, I like how the maps are generated randomly from a specific set of rooms each time a mission is started, preventing the entire map for a mission being the same multiple times in a row. There are a couple glitches I have come across, though, but glitches are to be expected in pretty much any game, and the ones I've seen are nothing that really ruin the game's fun and excitement. There's also that fact that there is no PvP, except in Clan Dojos, but that is so easy to overlook with how exciting everything else is. Overall, this could perhaps be one of the best games, if not the best game, I have ever played. It is definitely worth the download, and you really have nothing to lose if you happen to not like it.
game-hours: 393.1
review: This game is wonderfully made. I like the game because its fun, its easy to pick up on, easy to use, and you can make a clan, and take over!
game-hours: 104.4
review: One of the best games I ever played!
game-hours: 151.2
review: Its taking my soul away. Great Game! getting more equip for your warframes has never been so rewarding. getting new characters maxing them out is pretty fun nor get boring. Heads Up! The first few levels will seem like a drag, but it does get better.
game-hours: 789.8
review: Warframe is one of those games that definitely isn't for everyone. Although I found the art style unique and interesting, the organic/metal look of the titular warframes that represent your player can be off-putting for some. The graphics overall are top notch, however. The gameplay is almost entirely centered around grinding in the quest for more expansive warframe and weapon choices, and that may be the dealbreaker for many. There IS PVP in the game, but I haven't played enough to form an opinion of its quality, as the game is almost entirely PVE focused. But if you can get past the grind, Warframe fits the niche of mindless gaming, similar to perhaps mobile games, or long but slow games, like Civilization. The most accurate description of why I enjoy the game so much is "It's a co-op game you can play alone". You can drop in to any mission on the galaxy map and join a group of people already in there (up to 4 players) with no fuss. There is very little established "ettiquette" for the game; no need to say gg at mission end, no fancy lingo (until you get to "end game"), and since it's PVE and people can generally survive on their own (enemies do not scale ridiculously up in health when a new player joins, so there is little reason to reject someone). All that is really expected of you is to revive downed players and not be dead or afk 24/7. You can go entire missions without anyone saying a word to each other. So maybe you're not asocial like me and need a social aspect. The game offers a clan system that you can use to group up with similarly minded individuals; and sometimes co-ordination is required for the end game content. The ability to drop in and out with little to no strings attached and play a few sessions ranging anywhere from 15-60 minutes each (there is a endless mission type where you can play against increasingly difficult opponents for as long as you like) is very relaxing for me. Combine that with a very addicting progression system that consists of creating new weapons and warframes with no real established meta means you can play whatever you want. The downsides: unless you spend money or become a master of the trade market, you will be very limited in your warframe and weapon choices, as the number of inventory slots is very limited. Also, sometimes I find myself wondering why I am playing a game that is essentially an endless pve grinding treadmill; I find the common response in the community is to simply stop playing until the itch comes back, and when you do start playing again there will be all new equipment waiting for you! TLDR: No strings attached very low pressure game with minimal time dedication (maybe a 15 minute mission time average) with a unique art style and great graphics.
game-hours: 94.1
review: Very Fun and So many things to discover but one things is The mission is too same
game-hours: 3.0
review: what the character is the best
game-hours: 644.4
review: Really addictive game if your in too balanced grinding games. Probably the best free to play game out on the market, with no doubt!
game-hours: 1.0
review: this graphic on this game is great the co-op sectiion is really great you get to fight against monsters with friends.
game-hours: 215.8
review: Even though the game is still technically in the beta stages, this is one of the more tightly managed and well done games I've played in a long time. As of the time of this review the game is on beta update 13.x on the way to 14, to whit we will see player ships (housing) added to the game. Adding those basic RP elements is what will keep them alive and with profit. From things like new helmets to color sets for your armor and weapons it has the customization most online players long for. Overall this isn't your big brother's online shooter. There actually is a story, though incomplete at the moment, with missions to complete throughout the solar system. You can expect to see a slightly higher caliber of player as you advance into the higher stages. This is because, while you can buy most frames or weapons for cash, you still have to level them up and advance through the planets in a logical order. Each planet offers higher levels of enemies and if you die or forfeit out, then you won't receive the bonuses or full amounts of XP and credits. This means that you don't have a choice but to learn to play the frame you're on with the weapons you have, or get new ones and rerun some low-level stuff to figure it out. One nice element is that ability to play solo, no matter where you are or what mission. You can choose to play solo or in private groups, but you may find that sometimes you need that extra body to absorb bullets . . . or shoot a few extra. Sure, you can get carried, but that's true in just about every online game. You'll always find people that get in the way or on your nerves, but overall the current community is amazing and usually willing to help. This game is a MUST HAVE for anyone who remotely enjoys shooters, who loves to customize their characters, and who likes the ability to pick up people if they want.
game-hours: 3.2
review: if this was a moba but with only the melee damn son but its still good and fun with friends (wich i dont have :| )
game-hours: 536.4
review: awesome game!
game-hours: 589.0
review: One of the best free games i have every played
game-hours: 63.8
review: The game is really cool! Anyone with a lot of platnium can just be so OP, and that is a good thing! You don't fight with others, rather just go through a stage with four of your friends or other people... the graphics is amazing and compared to BLR, one of my favorite games, I got to say it is better! There are some flaws as in the sneaking mechanics, you are a ninja, you can't just assassinate or rather just pass through guards like a ninja? Overall, I think this game derserves a good recommendation!
game-hours: 95.9
review: It's a pretty good game, it's smooth, yet you can get lost easily, it has alot going for it in the player Clan department like designing your own dojo is nice. ever sense i first started in update 3, so much has changed, its harder, and confusing. but easy to get the hang of, i reccomend using a controller to play this game. only flaw i truly see with this game is the fact it take's Forever to build any of the gear in this game
game-hours: 973.9
review: One of the best f2p games out there. Easily get 400+ hours of entertainment.
game-hours: 9.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 107.6
review: I can shoot my bow into a crowd of enemies and they all explode. 10/10 would do it again.
game-hours: 36.7
review: 6/10 Certainly not the best game I have ever played. I played for a few hours and got bored. The missions tend to repeat themselves. It is a pay to win game. And the combat is somewhat confusing. I run in to battle with my rifle and I can't see anything beacause there are just fire and lightning bolts flying accross my screen. I can't level up beacause everyone killsteals. And if I play alone I am underlevel. So im forced to play for hours on the same mission just so I can level up a bit. There are a few mechanics and features in this game that I do find entertaining and fun. I love sci-fi games. But I just found this game a little off. Im shure this comment will be outdated by the time anyone reads this. Chances are they fixed the things im complaining about. This game has a bit of a learning curve and it doesent explain the lore very well. The game itself is quite the vicious cycle, and to get out of the cycle you need to pay money. Real money. I know many games have shops (Tf2) where you can buy cosmetics and weapons, but this game causes players just to become pay to wins. Giving this game a try was a bit of a waste of time for me to be honest. Apologies if I cause controversy.
game-hours: 587.8
review: So, WarFrame is a game where you play as dudes (or dudettes) called "Tenno", who are an ancient race of guardian-like people blessed with the knowledge and skill to operate a "WarFrame". WarFrames are the suits they wear which grant them crazy abilities which differ from Frame to Frame. You're awakened from cryostasis by a mysterious voice called "The Lotus" who asks your help in maintaining the balance of power in the Solar System while simultaneously helping to recover other lost Tenno comrades. The Solar System is currently dominated by two factions: The Corpus are Star-Trek style space cadets who tromp around in old-timey space-suits and laser rifles who are frequently assisted by support machines like walking energy-minigun robots and floating drones that supply defensive buffs. They worship the almighty credit, and you are worth more to them dead than alive. Most of the time... The Grineer are a "race" of endless genetic clones wearing armor that will remind you heavily of StarCraft's "Marines" (hey, they're even CALLED marines!). They are apparently driven by bloodlust and hatred for everything that isn't them (they will happily buy weapons from the Corpus and then use those weapons to shoot Corpus in the back, and the Corpus will happily sell to them knowing this in advance because: again. Almighty Credit). A third "faction" called "The Infested" exist. They're not really so much a faction as they are an alien locust-like plague sweeping through the System like rats, and you will occasionally have to undertake missions to help wipe them out (often at the behest of Grineer and Corpus soldiers who will then temporarily become your allies in this endeavor as they hire you to help clean out their settlements and bases). The game offers a lot of interesting game-modes, mostly aimed at fighting against the Corpus or Grineer in things such as capturing specific targets, hacking terminals (for a variety of reasons), defending artifacts and sleeping Tenno from repeated onslaughts and of course, simple extermination missions where you wipe out everything on the map that isn't you or your allies. Gameplay is a mix of FPS (mostly in 3rd person unless you zoom, which you will), and TPS (Third Person Slasher). All Tenno are capable of bringing 3 different weapons on every mission, classified as Primaries, Secondaries, and Melee weapons. Primaries are the standard two-handed rifles and other ranged weapons. Secondaries are small one-handed pistols that are sometimes dual-wielded, but allow for important mission-items like datamasses to be carried while they are equipped. Melees are, of course, melee weapons. And regardless of 2 or 1-handed, you can carry a datamass while they are equipped (although you will drop the datamass in the process of swapping between secondaries and melees, but you can just pick it back up after the swap is complete). As stated before, gunplay brings a typical FPS feel to the game and this may turn you off if you're not into FPS's in the first place. But please do not stop playing the game there, as there's a wonderful melee system you can use that's just oh-so-satisfying once you've picked up the basics. Melee is wonderful in WarFrame, although it may take you a while to pick up. When you get to that point where you're advancing on an enemy gunner with your guard held up, taking no damage whatsoever as bullets are deflected off your weapon, and then parrying them as they try to ram you with their elbow so you can score an OHKO finisher attack, you'll fall in love with WarFrame like I did. The only thing I don't really absolutely love about WarFrame is that it's economy is very hostile to new players. Be prepared to grind and grind out your  to get any equipment that's actually worth a damn when you first start. You either need to pay cash to give yourself a decent start or have a powerful friend help you out, because the starting weapons are just completely awful. And WarFrame abilities unranked will not impress you or seem helpful at all. You will need to put some levels into them before you start to notice how great they really are. Buying platinum is not only encouraged, but seems to be bullied on you at many opportunities. Only a small handful of all the weapons on the market can be bought ready-made. The rest must be bought as "blueprints", and then constructed out of materials which will require you to make quite a bit of progress in the game before you even have access to them. To top this off, once you actually have the materials required to construct the weapons you want, they will take anywhere between 12 hours to a whole day (sometimes more than that) to actually construct. Time that you can skip if you're willing to spend a little cash... In short, the game is fantastic, but playing completely free requires a patience, tolerance and skill only found in ACTUAL ninjas (aka, not a sane person). Or, y'know, you can gang up with some random public shmucks who will steal all the action from you at best, and be complete f***ups and fail the mission for you at worst. Highly suggested to play with friends for maximum enjoyment.
game-hours: 405.1
review: MLG Space Ninja Parkour with absolutely NO storyline and every mission is the same exact thing. 4/20
game-hours: 4.6
review: Your a space ninja. Nuff said.
game-hours: 15.7
review: really fun to play with frineds
game-hours: 3.0
review: slow and laggy! c2d t6570
game-hours: 0.1
review: meh
game-hours: 412.4
review: GET IT PEEPS
game-hours: 27.3
review: Awesome game first time playing it and i LOVE IT i reccomend this game to anyone who loves sifis and all that amazing stuff good job on making the game
game-hours: 67.6
review: This game has dynamic movement controls allowing for fast paced game play or fast silent gameplay. The characters are adaptable to different play styles of first person shooter with a side arm, or swordplay. The third person view keeps you locked into the sci-fi setting by allowing you to see your warframe kick . It has the option to play solo, exclusively with friends, or online with a public lobby for each mission. Drop-in games are usually successful and team work is commonplace. Overall this game is a refreshing change to your first person shooter sci-fi action games. The storyline is interesting, and although I wont go into to detail, there could be more interaction. This is not an RPG, this is a mission oriented team play third person shooter. Weapons are able to be modded for better efficiency, though it would be nice to see those mods change the physical appearance. A downside I have found is the difficulty to gain special currency for new warframes, and new gear. Fantastic game, addictive as well - My husband now plays the game with me after only watching me play.
game-hours: 0.3
review: I've tried to play, but the game keeps freezing in the launcher... I've tried downloading it straight from the website, and it gave an error "Login failed. Check your info." I tried making a new account, deleting the certificates and re-installing them, all the known fixes, but to no avail. i am downloading it now, off Steam again, and hopefully it wont freeze at the launcher.
game-hours: 331.7
review: More grinding than a JRPG from the '90s
game-hours: 28.7
review: its a free, parkouring, 3rd person shooter (also has katana's). 'nough said!
game-hours: 47.4
review: FAKING SPACE NINJAS WID GANS AND SWERDS I DEMAND U TO PLAI DIS GAIM RYT NAO
game-hours: 597.6
review: This game is a lot of fun. You get to go around to different planets as a robot(cyborg?) ninja and ninja many enemies to death. It is free to play, so no risk for you to give it a try. They did something very peculiar with the cash shop however. The punishment for earning new robot suits in the game versus buying them with real-world money is death. Bear with me as I explain. There are two methods to get new robot suits(the standard issue ones anyways). 1) Someone pays real-world cash for them. You or someone you traded your items too for platnium(the cash shop currency) laid down some money so you can get that shiney new warframe(robot suit). 2) You farmed the pieces in the game itself and then crafted the warframe. So you invested your time and the game makers did not get paid. At this point, everything is still on the up and up. However, what I didn't mention is this: If you employ method 2, you will most likely recieve a stalker's mark and the game will send a super-powerful NPC to invade your game and kill you, which removes the mark. In summary... If you played the game to get new suits instead of just buying them with real money, expect to be punished by being ganked by the game's cash shop enforcer. P.S. I still recommend playing this.
game-hours: 594.1
review: It's a fun team based game like Left 4 Dead But wit rpg eliments. It's a Third person Shooter with Parkor.
game-hours: 32.7
review: To tell you the truth I cannot stand this game. Like I see people saying its the best game ever and how its a landmark in free to play games. But all it does is just rehash all that is wrong in the genre. First off I will admit the game is ing pretty. The reflections and lighting especialy. But the gameplay feels bland and asks way to much from the player. Some of the more advanced manuvers are just ridiculous. Try pressing the control key while holding shift. And I hate games like this that don't scale the difficulty properly for single-player. I mean if I have no freinds don't penalize me. Overall the game is just grindy. Like its the whole point of the game. The idea of mastery levels are explained terribly. But hey if you like grinding one level over and over to get a certain material go ahead.
game-hours: 9.6
review: This game has awesome graphics. The combat system is a bit confusing, but is (simply saying) another FPS game. However, the third person is a bit frustrating, I would love to see an option to change view modes from third to first person.
game-hours: 285.8
review: very fun game
game-hours: 198.5
review: Buen juego,aunque toma su tiempo encontrarle el truco :V
game-hours: 460.3
review: I need a life.
game-hours: 110.1
review: space ninjas, that's all you need to know
game-hours: 160.1
review: Good game, i liked it
game-hours: 11.0
review: this game was awesome and its graphics are amazing and the gameplay is cool too
game-hours: 15.7
review: I reccommend this game but i have one problem, these updates take way to damn long
game-hours: 749.6
review: Space ninjas with guns + coop + fps + leveling stuff = additive good time.
game-hours: 14.5
review: I downloaded this game after seeing people talk about it on videos of the destiny alpha. I dont normally care for f2p games but this one is awesome!!! Im addicted.lol
game-hours: 195.1
review: This game is really fun and no item is overpowered and i enjoy myself it takes patience to collect all the resources you need to collect for what you need
game-hours: 737.8
review: Awesome game !
game-hours: 94.2
review: It contains Moonlight Threshcones.
game-hours: 12.8
review: The combat and movement of this game is amazingly complex, detailed & fun. However, i don't recommend coming into this game without watching some begginer youtube videos, the tutorial system is no where near informant enough to explain this game. Great game, 8/10
game-hours: 19.2
review: its free you fools! its kinda pay-to-win, but your weapons do get more OP as you use them. It has HOURS of content, and after that, MORE CONTENT. enjoy beating this one, folks.
game-hours: 2.9
review: its ok
game-hours: 497.0
review: This game is basically trying to make yourself a better player in the game. Its pratically a PvE game. It can get repetative but I believe you would not focus on that being so at all.
game-hours: 315.7
review: Very fun and highly addicting. Worth spending money into.
game-hours: 173.6
review: Warframe is unique. It is unique because all of the weapons and warframes are craftable and easy to obtain. Most Free-To-Play games these days are pretty much Pay To Win and people who pay have an advantage over the people who don't pay. The game offers hours of fun and the satisfaction of building a new warframe is unbeatable. The enemy AI is alright and does have 1-2 bugs or glitches every so often. The wide range of guns and warframes offer more fun and playstyles to the game, be it charging head first into battle, taking a stealthy approach or using the OP Paris Prime or Synapse to decimate your foes. Each warframe offers unique abilities such as absorbing damage and being nearly invincible while using the Rhino, or using Nova to completely kill everything in your path with her Antimatter abilities. Overall, the game is very fun and players are always willing to help you out, but with the ability of being a bit repetitive and sometimes boring with an OP setup. I give this game 8/10. This game deserves a reccomendation.
game-hours: 96.5
review: so hard to be good but its super fun and happy new year!
game-hours: 113.5
review: This game is so ing fun man
game-hours: 492.4
review: Fast paced, Fun, Shoot'em up with TCG like Modifications for everything. Great game!
game-hours: 17.4
review: Really fun free game
game-hours: 724.2
review: Nice Looking, Frequent Updates, A large assortment of weapons, and includes a trading system that allows being able to buy p2p items without actually using money. Great Game.
game-hours: 406.6
review: Were do I start.. oh I know the basics of the game are 1. what u can expect from the characters Tanks 2 Ninjas 2 Squishy to many to count but if player right and modded right arent. Guns if enough to get you through the game with a new one when you want 2. Primes (rare better versions of things) they can make the game easy and make some bad weapons better or guns like hte op Soma more OP. 3. Fun Factore all in all a great game most people are off put by the fact its 3rd person but the game wouldnt be the same without it. Final Rating- 9/10
game-hours: 132.7
review: I have to say, i'm a giant fan of warframe, sure there is a few glitches, but over al the gameplay is fantastic. The new updates have made it even simplier than before and is now extremely fun, easy and addicting. I highly recomend warframe. So what you waiting for? Download warframe right now!
game-hours: 301.0
review: Cyborg ninjas in space. Very grindy but very fun.
game-hours: 3.6
review: never play the game because IT ALWAYS UPDATING. after download the client i play the game and asking for update, it's arround 596MB (from game launcher). and than i'm waiting to finish update. after that. it's updating (again, from steam) arround 5.8GB, i update it. and ask update AGAIN 596Mb. THIS IS
game-hours: 952.9
review: I can't even explain how much I love this game. it just doesn't get boring with all the different gear you can use and tasks you can do. If you like hack 'n slash / 3rd person shooters, this game is for you
game-hours: 141.7
review: Watch the trailers you will understand.
game-hours: 43.0
review: awesome massive game
game-hours: 1447.7
review: its not pay to win so i'am realy happy for that
game-hours: 2.2
review: Don't let the Metascore fool you. It's an amzing game with great gameplay. Best of all it's free! What do you got to lose?
game-hours: 42.3
review: epic
game-hours: 11.1
review: This game is alot of fun so far! My favorite free game so far, If you love being a ninja then you need to play this now! Its like if deadspace and Ninja Gaiden were to have a baby this would be it! DocterMax
game-hours: 438.2
review: Do i have to make things more clear? Ninjas, Super powers, Swords and Rocket launchers Am i clear? Get this... It's free!!
game-hours: 292.2
review: Three words. Ninjas in space. 12/10
game-hours: 467.1
review: Only played a few hours worth at this time of writing, but I've already learned that the community doesn't like new players. I spawned into a game earlier and promptly got cursed out for being new and being the 'kind of players that are holding back this game'. The brief intro gives you the basic controls, but whenever you ask for more info ingame, you quickly get flak for it. Overall a very fun game. I'm sticking to solo and youtube videos until I don't have to ask questions anymore. NEW PLAYERS BE WARNED.
game-hours: 354.8
review: Ninjas in space. Granted, there's an "assemble the component, and the blueprint, and then the blueprint for the finished object (in the case of a Warframe), but for a F2P, it's fun.
game-hours: 102.8
review: The only word that can describe this game is GG.
game-hours: 467.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 166.5
review: Super Solid!
game-hours: 1494.4
review: it's fun, WIP and free, try it if you like playing iterative games.
game-hours: 923.5
review: Not one of the best games out there but by far certainly not the worst. Can be vey addicting if you get into in and farm up the credits. Platnium speeds up the rate of which you obtain things but isn't required to enjoy the game.
game-hours: 854.6
review: I have sunk far too much time into this game. Far too much time. That being said, this game is quite fun, especially when you and your buddies discover how breakdance fighting works. Nothing beats a good old fashioned breakdance fight tournement. Lots of waiting and grind walls to be found here, but as far as fun goes, this game has it. I give it an 8.75 out of ten over, but for fun, I give it a tenno/ten. Also, it is more likely than not the Grineer.
game-hours: 2701.7
review: Great game for mindless shooting in a Solo / Co-op Horde mode style, with space ninjas.
game-hours: 9.4
review: Amazing game, a little bit of a grind though, but that's what makes it fun for me, just waiting to get the frame or weapon is pretty exciting to me. Then comes he combat system. Oh boy, I just love it, and especially he idea of different types of melee weapons. Overall, one of the best games I've played. *NOTE* For ninjas only ;)
game-hours: 22.0
review: This is awesome co-op action! With a lot of in-depth customization, this games has been making me keep playing it for hours upon hours.
game-hours: 272.6
review: top f2p game on par with TF2 not P2W at all
game-hours: 0.4
review: Great sci fi realistic game with action and adventure
game-hours: 915.1
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 910.9
review: I have played this game day after day and love it. it is not a pay to play game its more egded towards pay to look good and speed up to be more efficient. 10/10 to play and i still play most days since i started in august last year.
game-hours: 285.5
review: The best ftp game out atm. If you like 3rd person shooters then deff download this and give it a try.
game-hours: 628.7
review: Space ninjas!
game-hours: 2533.2
review: Space ninjas with lots of guns to play with. What more can I say? The community is quite active as there are always people recruiting other fellow Tennos to missions. The game is still currently in beta but the developers constantly has weekly updates to keep the servers intact. It is definitely a F2P game worth playing with friends and making new friends in clans.
game-hours: 162.9
review: One of the best free to play FPS games with a mix of cool skills and features.
game-hours: 705.6
review: addicting
game-hours: 89.7
review: this game is great. i just hope it stays free to play and somehow explains the link bewteen dark sector and warframe
game-hours: 35.0
review: COOL NINJA
game-hours: 18.5
review: meh...
game-hours: 150.7
review: After hardcore drilling this game with a few friends gets old fast.... 7/10
game-hours: 537.4
review: awsome
game-hours: 2230.3
review: Bite your lips till you finish the solar map, then join a clan to collect those rare mods and rank them up. Soon your need for a challange will push to more frames, weapons and tactical friends. Enjoy endless hours of fun
game-hours: 13.9
review: Fun, free to play, looks good. Not much more is needed for a good game and this one has whatever is left.
game-hours: 39.6
review: If you like Multipler co-op games like mass effect 3's multiplayer or Gears of wars horde mode, then you'll like this. Not to mention its free to play!
game-hours: 808.6
review: Cthulu == The Onion == The Lotus == Nicolas Cage
game-hours: 765.4
review: Personally I like this game a lot, however my pinion is no reasonable argument for you, the reader. Therefore I'll just objectively list as much positive and negative features of this game as currently available: + The game is Free to Play and virtually everything in-game can be acquired for free, save for a few old items such as rewards for special events or for early backers + The game features a lot of different warframes (characters) and weapons to play with that you can fully customize through "mods" + The game heavily focuses on Coop, missions will definitely go a lot smoother if you work in teams with predetermined tactics and also some of the warframes have great synergy with eachother to make eachother more useful ingame + It is currently still in Beta, so you can still expect a lot more content + There is no pay to win in this game - yes, you can pay to instantly get a weapon or frame, but you can't make it stronger than a free user so it purely serves to save you grinding time - other than that payment is purely useful for cosmetic items + The game boasts fairly good graphics and great physics that also allow a lot of detailed wall running and melee combo's + The game boasts competitive leaderboards in between clans and also has conflicts where clan can fight over resources + Every clan has a dojo where you can spar, trade and buy new equipment with ingame credits + Free users can fairly easily obtain items that they can sell to other players for the paid credits (platinum) + In some missions the game rewards exploration by hiding special loot containers that may drop rare mods, these mods do not tend to be worth too much amongst players, however - Some weapons and warframes clearly make the game too easy to play and are perhaps intended to attract a more casual audience while ensuring their success in missions - The random chance on rewards in this game can be quite annoying, you can do a mission for dozens of times for an item with a 10% drop chance and still never get it - Enemies and bosses tend to be quite easy, there are a few modes/missions where the enemies get progressively stronger to the point where they could no longer be killed (if you come that far) but overall there are no major challenges - Once you obtain as good as every item in the game there isn't much of an incentive to keep playing, at the moment - The lack of a public market or auction system makes trading very unreliable - The fact that this is one of those games that is in Beta for years while already having payment options is always a little... suspicious, but hey - the game itself is still free - People without a lot of free time will probably have a really hard time grinding for resources, but you could see this as an incentive to keep playing for things you'd like to obtain
game-hours: 841.7
review: Space ninjas, hardcore space parkour, golden loots, and all sorts of farming. Is also "inextricably linked" to Dark Sector (claimed by DE themselves) if that interests you any.
game-hours: 1233.9
review: Warframe is love. Warframe is life. 10/10
game-hours: 1233.9
review: Warframe is love. Warframe is life. 10/10
game-hours: 37.8
review: Fun when playing in a group of friends
game-hours: 93.8
review: There's really nothing much you can lose by trying this game out. It's F2P with a cash shop and if you don't like it, your not out any money. It's definetly fun to play with friends and offers a good challenge as you progress in the game. There are a ton of levels and you can really choose how you want to play the game. One downside of the game is that it is all instances, which can get old. If your looking for a fun game to spend a few hours on when your bored of other games, this game will keep you occupied and provides enough to do that will keep you coming back. Another downside to the game is the cash shop. A lot of the cooler stuff you need to spend real money. Also, the amount of warframes that are free to try are very limited. If you want some of the more unique warframes, you'll have to dish out the dough. With that said, I'd say the game is worth a try. 7.8/10 in my book!
game-hours: 2.8
review: I really enjoy this game! so much fun! :D
game-hours: 32.8
review: This got interesting for a while.
game-hours: 126.5
review: Nice graphics and really cheap
game-hours: 29.8
review: this is a great game to play with friends co-op i like the way you can pretty much play the game in your own style but complete the same objective as your friend for example your friend can go Trigger Happy but you can go Stealth and hide in the shadows
game-hours: 73.8
review: absolutly a game that needs to be tested. it's free and very well made. it doesn't cost anything, so why not try it out??
game-hours: 128.1
review: After days of playing this I can guarantee the fun that is in store for you. The learning curve on this is very linear and you feel the progress with every level you play. I definitely recommend this game!
game-hours: 64.1
review: 10/10 This game is my favorite free-to-play game, and it doesnt take much to get into it.
game-hours: 616.2
review: If you like being a super powered ninja then this is the game for you! It features super suits that allow you to bend the elements (or the enemy) to your control, and gives you the ability to perform amazing stunts (like slash through 10 monsters at once). The only problem i can see is the time it takes out of your day to gain new items.
game-hours: 1220.0
review: Great game, highly addictive, and still constantly evolving
game-hours: 351.4
review: what can i say about this well it is fun don't get me wrong but at times it can feel like a big grind fest and at others it gets repeative but once you get past that this game opens up to a whole new world of fun with constant updates and the devs keeping hotfixes and things i recomend this to anyone that wants a new experence
game-hours: 984.7
review: Gravedigger Fagus said it best: "It's a game about space ninjas destroying space nazis and futuristic EA representatives. I don't think I need to say any more here." You can't leave out the mutant zombie versions of said nazis and EA reps. It's like this, you and your crew infiltrate ships and bases on various planets and   up (and that's just with the weapons)! When everything is done, your team rolls out like nothing happened. "Space nazis, what space nazis?" Exactly. Seriously though, the game is extremely fun. You get your choice of Primary, secondary and melee weapons, per loadout, from an assortment of weapons from each faction (with an option to go melee only). There are several Warframes to choose from, each with unique abilities. You can customize the colors for pretty much EVERYTHING! You aquire Mods to make your weapons and Warframes more powerful. You can have up to 3 different mod loadouts and color schemes for everything. Practically every weapon and warframe can be attained through crafting. The game is updated fairly frequently, and most importantly, it's FREE! So if you're like me and enjoy shooters, co-op, hack and slash, love ninjas and are flat broke, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 10.7
review: You haven't installed this yet?Well then you aren't a ninja!
game-hours: 15.3
review: Great game!!
game-hours: 1.2
review: Great game, especially for the ps4. It has great movment and the combat flows perfectly
game-hours: 62.3
review: Great game and always making it better!
game-hours: 14.0
review: Ninjas + Space = Space Ninjas F**K YER! 10/10 Best free game ever!
game-hours: 523.9
review: Space ninjas, Do I have to say more?
game-hours: 467.7
review: It is a good game but gets old kinda fast.
game-hours: 573.3
review: Awesome game. A must try for everyone.
game-hours: 438.2
review: Offers so much for such a low price
game-hours: 2.8
review: Good game, though "ranking up" is a bit of a hump to get over, considering you can do it once every 24 hours. Still a nice game; one of the few shooters that I actually enjoy playing.
game-hours: 33.5
review: best game ever played it for hours
game-hours: 92.3
review: Badass characters and attacks, looks great graphics wise plenty of content to entertain for hours yes fun for a while, but takes way too much real money to progress your character at all. 75% of every game is a strait connection nightmare.
game-hours: 428.2
review: yeah its alright, havent played that much of it :)
game-hours: 130.6
review: I loved this game at first sight, now I finally have a pc that can run it. Whatever you make must be crafted and bought. On top of that, you have to wait days for it. Also, you have to wait a day to level after you get enough "affinity", as you can probably tell Im sick of waiting.It's kind of a pay-to-have-fun-solo game, SOLO. This game is a blast and I kind of want to pay for dlc, while its on sale, regular prices are INANE. DOWNLOAD IIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!plz ;D
game-hours: 6.0
review: You can slide in mid-air, so that's kinda like dodging. I like it.
game-hours: 77.9
review: Good game
game-hours: 350.0
review: Probably the best free to play game out there, great fun and lots of content to keep the game original and make you want to come back for more. Remember, Ninjas play free, so download this game now
game-hours: 546.1
review: If you take the time to build wps and other stuff you will enjoy this game. wont cost you money unless you wont to get things faster thats all money dose for ya.
game-hours: 13.3
review: ,   , -     ^_^
game-hours: 3.6
review: This game looks so amazing, my PC cannot even handle it #2gud4me
game-hours: 710.0
review: play this game for 20 f*cking minutes and I insure you'll enjoy it, and sh*t your pants because motion blur is murdurous
game-hours: 54.1
review: Can be a cit repetitive at times, but slicing a grineer in half is always satisfying.
game-hours: 4.1
review: IT'S AWESOME GET IT
game-hours: 167.0
review: time consuming but fun with others
game-hours: 84.2
review: :D
game-hours: 189.5
review: This game is the best game i ever played. Almost every week theres new weapons! i got adicted to this game once i played it.
game-hours: 28.8
review: Made my balls wet. 11/10
game-hours: 131.0
review: best co-op game ever!
game-hours: 186.3
review: Best
game-hours: 325.6
review: Cool shooting co-op game with bunch of items to be craft. Totally Like it b^.^d
game-hours: 96.6
review: Epic online F2P Game
game-hours: 1031.9
review: epic
game-hours: 623.3
review: Super space ninja shooting power skills. Nice game.
game-hours: 8.3
review: awesome!
game-hours: 461.6
review: 7/10 great game
game-hours: 45.3
review: Two Words. Space. Ninjas.
game-hours: 975.3
review: Although heavily grind focused and lacking diverse content, the gameplay mechanics here are smooth and well designed. Give it a try, it's free to play and rewarding if you're looking for a co-op 3rd person shooter.
game-hours: 2.2
review: not the best f2p but its worth a try
game-hours: 79.3
review: Amazing game for free. Only hope is that they improve PvP.
game-hours: 67.3
review: pros: -fun coop gameplay -gorgeous graphics -a wide variety of warframes and weapons to unlock -regular content update cons: -i personally don't like how the warframes,weapons etc unlocked.You need to collect resources from doing missions and buy blueprints to build warframes,weapons etc.Some requires you to join a clan,researched it first before u can build them -the game feels like grinding to some people -it has some inventory restrictions,u can only have 2 warframes unless u spend ur platinum to unlock more warframe slots overall: warframe is a nice game.Who doesnt like to play as space ninja fighting s(i hate those enemies after knowing their lore)with friends? 8/10
game-hours: 197.8
review: Warframe is a very good game. You could make all of the warframes characters without speding any real money. The mission are not the same, there are all different. Ninga kicks and flying kicks are cool in this game. There are lots of weapons and melle weapons to choose from which is cool.
game-hours: 296.4
review: Love this game, Free To Play. Hell get it! :D
game-hours: 0.6
review: lovel game and great graphics
game-hours: 4.0
review: Awesome teamwork based game. You're basically space ninjas going around doing flips and cutting people in half. Amazing customization with tons of weapons and classes (not to mention the colors). Get to extraction!!!!
game-hours: 456.0
review: Awesome game play, and great fun online with friends.
game-hours: 1.0
review: It is just plain awesome! LOL... Sorry I'm bad at making things like these.... >.<
game-hours: 1186.7
review: do you like grinding in a game that is fun to play but still alot of grinding? then get the game and try it out. do you hate grinding? then dont get this game. thats all you need to know to see if you will like it.
game-hours: 73.4
review: This game... whew, where do I begin? I shall start with the technical elements. The graphics (on my 1920 X 1080 HD screen) are smooth and flawless. I have yet to see a graphical error, and I see these in almost every game. This game is one of the few TRULY free-to-play games on the market. All it takes is patience, friends, a plan, and an understanding of the concept of bugeting resources. It has one of the kindest playerbases I have ever had the pleasure of encountering, people who will let you jump right in to their Tower IV Defense and only give you a little crap for being a level 6 Loki Prime. This game is an unforgettable experience, with a storyline that I can only call "epic", genius original ideas for most aspects of the game, and parkour system that flows so smoothly that I still cannot believe functions as well as it does. It's a game for people who don't want to spend a dime, as well as one who loves to pump money ito videogames. The grinding can be frustrating and tedious, and some missions seem unnessecarily difficult, but with a group of friends and a little bit of time, these things cease to exist. In this game, you strive to build your own weapons and Warframes, and though it takes longer, I have to say, it's damn satisfying. 10/10. Get in here, Tenno. We need you.
game-hours: 1024.3
review: This game is just amazing... One of my favorites. You should try it. --- READ BELOW --- It is a bit repetitive but its really fun if you give some time in it. Digital Extremes always create new weapons and warframes(suits) every once in a while. They keep things updated and fix bugs that sneak in every update. Your goal is to be the strongest and gain the most powerful weapons. There is no campaign mode, but seperate missions. You gotta do all of the missions to unlock others and you gain credits and mods along with materials to craft new, stronger weapons in the foundry. I never really get tired of this game because DE always finds something new to bring out. Recently they have created a new frame called Oberon and 3 additional weapons. Don't listen to the metascore! Its all opinions. EDIT >>> This game is alright... It was fun for a while, and it worth a try. It is pretty repititive but you should put some time in it to see all of the game. It is pretty fun to kill enemies at first, but after a while, when you have killed many, many, many enemies, it numbs the feeling. DE is very well known for their updates and love for their fans. Every week to a month, expect something new the appear. Bugs are constantly being fixed, which is a good thing. Veterans of the game have been brainwashed to do the same thing they always have been doing for the past months, always trying to find something to do and supporting DE forever and looking forward to updates. TL;DR Warframe is fun at the start, many things to do, but after playing for a long, long time, it has gotten boring. I do not play this anymore, and if i do, its only for a little bit. The game is very repititive, and some may find pleasure in playing this game.
game-hours: 322.1
review: This game is pretty great. I enjoy the gameplay. It is a little difficult most of the time to solo missions although they start to get easier after progressing through some of the levels. I like the weapon/pet aspect. Overall a very fun endless game. That is unless you spend a lot of money on platinum which then its probably pretty easy.
game-hours: 5.4
review: Warframe !!!
game-hours: 2.2
review: one word, awesome
game-hours: 315.5
review: Great graphics, TONS of weapons, suits, and companions, hundreds of missions; all for free. The vast majority of the in-game content can be accessed just by playing, but you can spend real money to speed things up or buy aesthetic upgrades. 10/10, will ruin your life.
game-hours: 332.8
review: Space rambo ninjas in space
game-hours: 1.2
review: i dunno
game-hours: 298.0
review: The game is great more better its free to play.. There are a lot great stuff, like mele combat shooting stile.. But there is something negative about it---The farming, you need a lot of timr to get what you need
game-hours: 204.7
review: This game is a must
game-hours: 29.8
review: this game have potential to be good
game-hours: 298.7
review: love it nomal play on steam but love game nu less it fast in your face fun
game-hours: 323.8
review: It will make your  larger... yes, even if you are a girl.
game-hours: 581.3
review: Great game free to play! Explore worlds, make new weapon and destroy a lot of enemies with your abilities! NINJAS!!!! 10/10
game-hours: 189.8
review: This game is very much a grindfest but as a free to play game its very fun and well worth the download.
game-hours: 285.1
review: One of the best F2P games i've played so far. An excelent community and a really addictive game that despite being F2P is not pay to win! Deffinitely a must-play! :)
game-hours: 260.4
review: best free game i have ever played. if you put money into it thow, make sure you know how to spend it becasue this game has some very good ways of spending its currencys and some very very bad ways to spend its currencys
game-hours: 20.8
review: Fun game. Much addictive. Such awesome devs.
game-hours: 425.0
review: awesome free game, became addicted way faster than i would like to admit
game-hours: 139.9
review: Okay, so barring the fact that this game is about being a wall-running, parkour-ing, shooty slicey backflippy FREAKING SPACE NINJA, let's look at what else makes it good. It's free (Beta). Play however you want and still be able to succeed and have fun. It's free. SPACE NINJAS! Space Ninja Simulator 2014. Score = Yes/10
game-hours: 2.6
review: Pretty Impressive for still being in beta, smooth gameplay in coop. Excellent overall a must play for sure.
game-hours: 804.2
review: ,       .    ,        .             .    . ,    . UPD.           ,                   .
game-hours: 107.2
review: 5/10 game is too mutch in the same routine
game-hours: 997.6
review: Free and fun for everyone!
game-hours: 12.4
review: like the game itself, upgrades seem to come slow, and alot of the people i meet through match making seem to either be rude or..very.......suicidal, but the game itself is very good, graphics, controls, story, concept gameplay all great
game-hours: 5.1
review: Running down one corridor 10 billion times never felt so good, most innovative corridor design of all time 10/10.
game-hours: 781.6
review: i give a thumbs up for a free to play game still bugs but very fun
game-hours: 521.4
review: Went invisible and stabbed my friend. 10/10
game-hours: 195.7
review: Endless enjoyment. There's so much that you can do in Warframe, so many ways to costumize your play style, and there are always new weapons to master - not just in rank, but in unique skills needed to use them effectively. At points it tends to grind, and being part of a clan opens up a lot of the game that's otherwise locked away, but this is one free to pay that is definitely worth the time, and even a bit of scratch if you can get into it. Space-ninja-robot-assassins forever!
game-hours: 9.3
review: Good for a free to play game with lots of depth and items that takes time and effort to acquire but it seems that the developers were low on resources due to frequently re-used areas so it can become fairly boring after too long.
game-hours: 611.0
review: Warframe is space ninjas. Trust me, it's just what you wanted. Intense combat, swordplay and hack&slash, powers that crush the foe and make you seem op. This game has it all, and trust me, it's much more challenging than you think. A Tenno's path follows one of discipline and of belief. You can go about the game with choices and options and room for improvement. But to get there one must be a master of all he uses. So to advance through the game, which takes place in our own solar system, there is an urgency to max out every weapon, warframe, sentinel, and archwing: Mastery rank. Some of the more excellent arms are locked in higher mastery ranks and must be attained through the virtues of patience and determination. They're all worth it, for they have some pretty excellent stats. But patience also lets you play for free. It's just enough time to master one set of weapons, buy another set and make the parts while still gathering materials on nice planets. The game is better played with others, for the rewards go up the longer in some missions you stay. Those powers stack when you have more than one person each with 4 unique powers. It can get pretty tactical in a hairy situation. The MMO aspect this game has is collecting. It's all about going out and getting as many resources as you can by unlocking the solar system by planet and collecting rarer things like keys to the void (even more rewards) and nav coordinates and some of the newer bossfights too. Time is required even for these, but one who would spend for a game like this can get what he needs at the market. Nothing is unobtainable by playing free though. If you find rare blueprints or mods, you can sell them if you have a clan. Clans provide a dojo where you can visit your trading post and invite others for trades. You can go to other clans by joining people in them too. Don't be hasty in selling credits, as they're used in many places of the game. I expect more stability in the versions to come.
game-hours: 63.5
review: This game is very fun for me to play though the only drawback here is the ridicilous amount of farming you to to get all the blueprints and components of that one warframe or kurbow also the gameplay gets kind of repetedive eg.kill stuff,get parts,kil stuff,unlock planets,kill stuff get mastery,kill stuff,create a clan,kill stuff,advertise.advertise,advertise,advertise,kill stuff,build archwing,kill stuff in space.see where im going?also did i mention killing stuff? 8.5/10
game-hours: 369.1
review: Space ninjas with machine guns and parkour....need I say more. OH RIGHT! And now there is a flying during some missions. This game is soo much fun, it is the only free to play game that I have played that is not pay to win. You can have the best stuff in the game with out paying. I personally put money into this game because I wanted the shiney toys faster but I also crafted around 80% of my high end gear with out paying real money. That being said the game is AMAZING! It is the only game of it's kind in my opinion very uniquie and it has kept my attention for over a year. Most games get like 3 months at the most from me I have been playing this one since release
game-hours: 3.7
review: A really good time consuming game
game-hours: 12.3
review: Would definitely recommend this game. Fun to play with other people
game-hours: 0.7
review: SERTDTDTYDX
game-hours: 152.7
review: OMG SO MUCH YES In just a few weeks i have put over 100 hours into this and it is still so fun, Digital extremes did well in creating a fun, free-to-play game the DOES NOT force you to buy items with real world money to get the best gear in game(thats not to say you cant, but its just as easy to get it yourself through playing the game) Here are a few pro's >It's free >It's extremely well made and of a high quality, it rivals most AAA titles >The combat system is so good >The loadout combinations are amazing, there are so many cool weapons and items you can use, including Guns, Bow, Whips, Swords, boomerangs, crossbows, explosives, and not to mention your frames(The characters you can play as) powers that make your playstyle super unique, such as i, have a character(the valkyr) who is customized so i run into battle, take a bunch of damage to get energy, become invinible then heal from my melee attacks, then rinse wash repeat, and i also have a super tank character who just doesnt die, and if he does he has a longer bleedout time for survivabilty. THERE ARE JUST SO MANY OPTIONS!!! >There is a good parkour system with great freedom of movement and special melee attacks integrated with them >There is a really cool space jetpack game mode you unlock sometime later in the game which is really fun that has its own weapons and combat. >The community is great! Everyone is so helpful > There is a player run trading community where you can trade items for money for the CASH SHOP which is amazing in my opinion, so not only is the game free but you can earn the only currency you have to pay for by trading with other players. Give it a shot, even if its only for 10 minutes, who knows you might fall in love... I did!
game-hours: 725.0
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 11.1
review: This game is awesome! After selling my Xbox 360 and jumping onto the PC train, I was looking for a game that was similar to a game just recently released, Destiny. Like Destiny, Warframe has a system of co-op missions with a jump in/out style. I really like the storyline of this game so far, but I'm still a pretty low level. It's got just enough challenge to keep me going. The only gripe I have with this game is the lack of gamepad support for the menus. The game feels right playing from my couch with my Xbox 360 pad, but when I need to grab my mouse just for navigating through menus, it kind of breaks up the gameplay for me. I know the game is on PS4 and Xbox One, and that it already works with the gamepad on those systems, so what is stopping it from working on PC? Anyway, the game is great. The mechanics work, there are plenty of guns and weapons to suit anyone's play style. Congratulations Digital Extremes, you made a very solid F2P game. I look forward to playing it more countless hours to come.
game-hours: 296.2
review: Ninjas leaping around shooting and slashing everything that moves, what's not to like about that?!
game-hours: 638.7
review: One of the best game of this time
game-hours: 12.2
review: Definitely one of the coolest games I've played online. Worth a shot, if you like lots of action. :)
game-hours: 1069.1
review: sucn an amazing game, ive sunk over 100 hours on this game xD
game-hours: 3.8
review: 1st one hour i was hooked the combat and parkour is just amazing.
game-hours: 458.1
review: Fun game gotta love Space Ninjas.
game-hours: 154.6
review: Robot ninjas... In space! What's not to like?
game-hours: 13.0
review: very nice
game-hours: 1081.0
review: SWAG
game-hours: 434.3
review: Nice, fun game. Full of nice gameplay. Can't really own more than one Warframe without paying with real money D:
game-hours: 49.3
review: TRY DIS IT GUD
game-hours: 6.5
review: The Coolest ninja game ever!
game-hours: 1.4
review: Pretty fun game. I play on max settings with 60fps constantly (my gpu is a radeon 270, so I play most games at max settings anyways).
game-hours: 11.4
review: good game to play
game-hours: 924.8
review: Nice game, play with your friends.
game-hours: 18.0
review: I am Sam Fisher. This game sucks jelly bean ballz. Every map is almost the same because every object is same in the map and to many SFX. Bunch of Weapons and Stuff that needs real money is standing there for lazy  reason. I do not recommend a game if your a eye killing type of human being. Lag Server lag i do not recomend a game for anyone this game should be thrown out and deleted.
game-hours: 483.7
review: This games is a boss third person shooter. You are essentially a space ninja with guns. It's free to play and one of the best free games I've ever played.
game-hours: 1.1
review: I CAN'T EVEN EXPLAIN WORDS OF HOW AWESOME THIS IS!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 2151.6
review: A great game overall!, hands down one of my top 5 favorite games ever! I would go as far to say it is my favorite game, theres so many dynamic events ingame like random mini bosses show up like the harvester a robot dog thing, the stalker one of your bretheren with a twisted scence of justice who tries and most likely will kill you and lastly the grustrag three the three (there part of a death squad of the grineer faction) that will wipe the floor with you if you solo a mission-especialy if your low level-. I've logged almost 500 hours on this game its so addicting yet I do play whenever I can but without school my hours play would be much higher yet education if more valuable than games because education helps you in games (see what I did there). Now down to gameplay, its a fluid third persone action scify parkour game set in a evolving world and by world i mean solar system, the whole games travel it base on choosing a planet in our solar system then choosing a mission node to begin a co-op mission or play solo with the option of private so only friends can join which is usually recomended for youtubers or just friends who want to have a good time. and honestly my only complaint if that a somewht beify computer to run it or if you have a PS4 its free on that too. right away recomended to all my friends this game is amazing and before I spoil anymore of this ehm...master piece, I will end this here hope you will give this game a try and decide which character/warframe to choose. This whole review was my personal opinion and some may dislike that but thats ok because most people i'de say 99.8% can't turn this game off when they start! DEUCES!
game-hours: 7.1
review: good
game-hours: 2.0
review: Si-fi style shooter, I have never been that into si-fi type games before, but it was free and it turned out to be okay, 6/10
game-hours: 48.2
review: This is a unique free game that is worth trying out. After all, it's free!
game-hours: 16.2
review: good game fun
game-hours: 166.4
review: Among the best free games out there, hehe
game-hours: 21.8
review: Now if your like me and saw the trailer, you think this is a melee base game, but it's so mcuh more than that. This is a game that puts parkor and FPS in the same world. This game seems to run fine on my computer(I have all settings down, but it still loks good to me) and this game can be played with friends, and i think there is even a versus mode that i haven't tried yet, but i will soon. The game has it's own crafting system where you can but a bluprint or find one, and gather materials after you beat a level. Certain planets have certain materials for crafting, it does take time and in-game money to create the items but it could be worth it in the long run(not to me though) and if you get a bluprint you don't want, you can sell it. And there are these things called mods that modify your guns, melee weapon, armor, and sentinel(whatever that is) And every Tanno(i think that's what they're called) have special abilities, and recently a new update ocurred, it added three new weapons and i think more Warframes(Your armor/character) But at this point I'm taking too much of your time, this game is free and good looking, just try it out and see how you feel.
game-hours: 946.2
review: One of the best F2P games ever created. Diverse and in-depth gameplay and storyline, amazing graphics, frequent new content, terrific devs and playerbase. A must have and must play!
game-hours: 543.8
review: COOL AND FUN GAME !!!
game-hours: 1038.7
review: First things first. This game is extremely graphics intensive. Not only should one have a good graphics card, but one's computer should have a multi-core fast processor along with a fair amount of ram. Warframe is in my opinion a solid 7/10. Here are the reasons why.(Notice not all may be listed). Pros 1. The game has a high amount of customization with its system of how one can customize their character with mods and weapons that can be chosen from. One can find these mods by doing and completing missions/levels located on each planet. Weapons can have mods placed on them, same with the character, at the cost of points obtained by leveling them up. The maximum level/rank that can be obtained at the writing of this review is 30. Points can be increased by mods and other items. When combined the points can be more than doubled. Players can have up to around 9 mod slots on each weapon/character. 2. Another positive towards Warframe is each character useable has a set of abilities unique to them. Other characters are unable to use abilities that are used by another. This adds a sense of completion towards the game. 3. There is an online mode in which one can play to join others and assist those who need help completing a mission. This also helps to introduce others to more experience players and possibly new friends. There is also a mode called "Solo" in which a player can play by themselves. Cons 1. One of the massive cons to this game is the multi-player capabilities. Problems can occur when attempting to join a friend to play missions. When attempting to join an error can show up showing the message "Failed to join session". Despite players internet connection/s this can occur. A way to solve this can be done by players going into online mode and joining a game. Then inviting the other/s to their game session. It is important to know that if the player is the host this will not work. This may need to be done every time Warframe is started in order to play together. Having to continually do this will eventually cause frustration and may ruin the overall feel and experience of the game. 2. Variety of missions can become a problem with the current amount available to players. (Some may be unlisted) a. Exterminate b. Hijack c. Deception d. Spy e. Interception f. Defense g. Nightmare Mode h. Survival i. Assassination Missions j. Mobile Defense k. Sabotage l. Invasion While this may seem as though one has many choices to choose from, these missions are the only types found on all of the planets. This makes the game repetitive as one will find themselves repeating the same objective in a similar pattern. 3. A major problem towards the game is the cost of platinum. Warframes/Characters can cost upwards of 300+ platinum. One can obtain 75 platinum at the cost of $5 USD. Most items cost about $10 USD or up, to get. However, their is an alternative to buy items than with real world money. One can purchase blueprints with energy credits. Energy credits are obtained though doing missions and/or selling blueprints. These blueprints can be used in what is called the Foundry. The Foundry allows a player to craft items at the cost of resources. Resources are collect though doing missions and/or though the use of "Extractors". The usual amount of time to craft a weapon is around 12 hours from the start of crafting. Warframes/Characters will take 3 days. It is important to note that items can be rushed in the Foundry though the use of Platinum. It is also important to keep in mind that one can obtain discounts though login rewards. The maximum amount for a discount is around 75% off. Items not normally found on missions can be obtained though rewards from Alert missions.
game-hours: 7.5
review: Great Graphics
game-hours: 47.2
review: Its a great game, but the only thing that sucks is that you cant earn all the characters for free.
game-hours: 5.7
review: Beautiful game with fluid fighting style only problem is that it gets boring without friends to play with
game-hours: 25.0
review: This game is so nice.My favorite time is when i slice them on a part!
game-hours: 6.7
review: Great game, Great mechanics, but there is one problem.... the leveling up system is .... sometimes it takes so much time to get something.... i tolerate grinding... most of the time, but when i play this game, im kinda stressed, but still, u can get everything.... i mean everything in this game (except the cosmetic stuff) just by playing the game, though it takes time, u can speed it up by buying parts or blueprints with real money. So yeah, thats my review, the game is still fun though.. if u cant stand the grind, then this game is not ur cup of tea
game-hours: 70.9
review: Try this game,it`s awsome ;)
game-hours: 1117.1
review: SPACE NINJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
game-hours: 94.6
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 2.0
review: Interesting, good graphics but blur is very trippy. Recomended.
game-hours: 262.2
review: this game is amazing! the graphics are fantastic, and you play as an outer space ninja with guns and swords. what more could someone want in a game!
game-hours: 52.5
review: what a wonderful game
game-hours: 337.1
review: This game is over 9000!! FUN
game-hours: 115.0
review: Awesome game with awesome community.
game-hours: 1123.7
review: Warframe is awesome. Nuff said. :3
game-hours: 291.6
review: being a space ninja is fun
game-hours: 827.8
review: Warframe allows you to select from one of many Warframes to fight as, with mods and stances to enhance your weapons, warframe, and sentinels. Plus there is a lot of customization available; however, if you want to customize, you will have to use platinum for most things like colors and armor, which means you have to fork over real money. It is "free to play" if you are happy with just a couple of Warframes, but you'll be too addicted and have to puchase additional Warframe slots and weapon slots and this means real money. I still highly recommend this game. It has a bit of a learning curve, but once you get onto it, it becomes easy to understand. Plus the community is a great aspect, there are in-game chat rooms for Region (general chat in your geographic region), Recruiting (where you can join other games or recruit for your clan), and Trading (which allows users to buy, sell, or trade items). And the developers host numerous interactive events like PrimeTime which puts two of the developers in a mission with real life players and other watch the feed on Twitch, and the DevStream which features several of the developers talking about the game and upcoming changes. Both allow users to submit questions and win free platinum.
game-hours: 30.4
review: Excellent game
game-hours: 12.1
review: game was good, looks a lot better now
game-hours: 16.7
review: Levels are boring and uninspired. Rehashing the same grey/brown levels (kinda) Mission menu (star system screen) is a disaster. Cannot join friends directly and thats with an 100mbit down and 100mbit up connection. Frequent lag for no reason at all. But even with that, i kinda had fun playing it. But only with some friends that know where to find the right menu options and things like that. For someone who boots up the game and is a total newcomer it's a disaster to get playing. Grafics wise the game has for me the real meh/blegh factor. Because the only colours that are used are grey and brown. Level design is sometimes just straight out weird and the minimap.... Oh god that ***** minimap, witch is no help to you at all.
game-hours: 282.8
review: This is probably the best free to play out there, it doesnt get any better that parkouring your way around and cutting people clean in half, the only drawback is that I dont have a great computer to run it on...
game-hours: 801.8
review: I really wish Warframe could be played on Mac. I have a Macbook Pro with Nvidia Geforce GT 650M graphics card, which is good enough to play this on high settings. I currently have it on my  PC that can barely run it. I could use dual boot or virtual machine on my mac, but who wants to put that messed up Piece of Crap Windows on a perfectly fine laptop? Is it worth the risk to destroy my laptop just so I can play an insanely awesome game without graphics lag?
game-hours: 3.4
review: good game
game-hours: 153.3
review: Just Play it,
game-hours: 179.3
review: You can be Magical Space Ninjas 10/10
game-hours: 234.0
review: Alright, so where to begin? Warframe is a sci-fi game that takes place far into the future. Humanity has degraded into the cloned clones called "Grineer" and the corporate big shots known as "Corpus". As well, a nanobot infestation is infecting large parts of the galaxies and turning members of both these factions into the "infested". You play as the Tenno, ancient warriors, frozen in a deep sleep, waiting for the day to wake up and clean house on the galaxy... Which is now. So, this game has in my opinion, a solid premise, as far as story line goes, and something I would say is considerably unique, that is, considering what else is available. The gameplay? Very fluid, lots of "parkour" like moves to do, it's a great third person shooter, and melee combat game. The shooting is fluid, reloading and switching weapons, in fact, for having such movie-esque moves, this game functions quite simply. Near well anyone could pick it up and learn very fast how to execute the wicked looking jumps, slides, and backflips the game has to offer. The stages you go through were well designed in terms of allowing for free movement, having rooms tall enough, or wide enough to accomodate the parkour style Warframe delivers. In addition to having large rooms, these rooms often have walls you can run across, cover you can climb up, gaps you can leap over, and so on. The guns? Well, a lot of them are unique, and they act like you'd expect any gun to in a third person shooter, and again, they did a great job keeping fluid motions for having so much variety. Variety. Well, I hope you like guns... And swords... And pistols... And scythes, knives, shotguns, rocket launchers, snipers, Glaives, and so on... One thing Warframe certainly does not fall short of, is weapons. There is a massive variety of equipment to choose from, which helps fit whatever gamestyle you like. In addition to the large cache of weapons, there's a bountiful amount of Warframes to choose from! The Warframe, is the suit you wear, eac one having unique abilities and stats. Short term? I'd recommend this game to anyone in a heartbeat, my only concern for Warframe, is that they seem to have stuck to a very "grind" focused path, where you are continually leveling up to get better, but the enemies often times don't scale, and the game gets quite easy. This is more than fixable, however, and I have confidence the end game will get better. Did I mentiond Warframe is free? I would have easily paid to have this game, and I didn't have to. I recommend this to any parkour/shooter fans out there. Thanks for the reading.
game-hours: 159.2
review: great game
game-hours: 78.4
review: I recommend this game because it is fun to play with friends and the aspects of it are amazing. It has amazing graphics and a amazing battle style. It's crafting system is bomb and you wish that the crafting never ends. If you want a game thats fun and complex i recommend this game to you individuals.
game-hours: 450.2
review: Daisuki Desu Yo :D
game-hours: 13.6
review: SPACE NINJAS WHAT ELSE CAN YOU ASK FOR?!?!
game-hours: 375.8
review: Extremely Fun! 10/10
game-hours: 7.2
review: Fun game with a lot of customization.
game-hours: 14.5
review: This game is amazing from the incredible graphics to the 3rd person HALO-like gameplay. The controls are easy to pick up and adapt to. The level design is great and I find myself replaying certain missions over and over with different limits placed on myself. This is defiantly a great free game to pick up, I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys a fast paced shooter who like myself, doesn't enjoy TF2 or Planetsides 2.
game-hours: 1121.4
review: Well let us start off by saying I am bad at writing reviews. As I was beggining to write this I tried to come up with some cons about Warframe, but I could not do so. I gave it about thirty minutes and not even a hint of a con appeared in my mind. I would like to share my opinion on Waframe before I list any pros. My opinion being that Warframe is a truly amazing game. I did not think I would ever end up where I was in this game. At first I despised the idea of it, but I gave it a try. Now everyday is a day of wanting to play Warframe, playing Warframe, and thinking about playing Warframe tomorrow. People will always text me and ask me to hangout but I always say "I am working" or "I am busy." However, I made new friends, perhaps even a family. It feels as if I have another life, a place to escape to. If that does not tell you that I love this game my current 851.3 hours will ( which will certainly be increasing ;D ). Well since Warframe is nothing but pros I will just settle by spitting out the larger, more positive attributes. Some pros being: +great community +amazing graphics +phenomenal customization in both modding and physical appearances +certainly not a pay to win +perfect mechanics +always new stuff and fixes +joyful gameplay There is far too many pros to list, in my opinion. If you give it a real try you will probably become addicted. Be ready to abandon your social life. (:
game-hours: 4.3
review: It's awesome !!
game-hours: 129.9
review: 46 hours in and I see my future, it is a dark and terrifying future full of space mutants, swords, alot of bullets, and waiting on the god damn guns to finish crafting. so far great game If you are thinking of trying this game out be sure to check out the wiki, if that doesn't discourage you look around at your loved ones and think of how much they will miss you, if this also fails try some out door activities which you find enjoyable, if all else fails and you aren't willing to destroy your computer to save your social life, please make sure to say farewell to any loved ones, feed your pets, gather a hefty supply of snacks and have the wiki open in the backround to help you figure things out. Remember Ordis loves you if no one else does.
game-hours: 3.6
review: pretty fun game but gets pretty boring after the first couple missions
game-hours: 1.4
review: I would totally love to give this a 9.5/10! What a great game :)
game-hours: 33.3
review: So far this is an amazing game, it's an underdog game for me, I like playing it but not by myself.
game-hours: 326.8
review: Very awesome game and the best grinding game i have played
game-hours: 1344.1
review: Space Ninjas... VS Zombies... and MUCH MORE!!! you cant go wrong! the best game you will ever play for free.
game-hours: 612.0
review: an exciting 3rd person ninja shooter based on sci-fi. explore respective warframes powers and master them!
game-hours: 158.4
review: for the reason i dont know how to write the review
game-hours: 10.4
review: nice
game-hours: 276.0
review: I like the game because It's different from others but there is sooo many problems to solve. The content on game is so low.. always same missions, same thing, same enemies.. :/
game-hours: 436.0
review: What's not to like about space ninjaing all over the place? Sure it's free to play and has ingame currency you can buy, but it's less grindy than many other free to play games. SPACE! NINJAS! IN SPACE! You can run on the walls and use your melee arsenal to cut and smash enemies.
game-hours: 135.7
review: Great F2P game. What's nice is that with a lot of hard work and dedication, you know you can get almost everything without having to use your hard-earned (hopefully) money.
game-hours: 159.3
review: its ok
game-hours: 53.2
review: game has lots of bugs, which ruin gameplay. client crash when you're at the end of tough mission is normal, and all you earned during the fight is gone. save your nerves and don't play this game.
game-hours: 17.4
review: AWSOME, great graphics, really fun, and original
game-hours: 444.1
review: Fantastic! Looking for that old school 2P console gamer feel without having to be near the person or having to pay any money? Then this will be your new cocaine.
game-hours: 17.6
review: this game is probably one of the best free to play games out there
game-hours: 1014.5
review: Highly Recommended : What more can we say about this game, that hasn't already been said ? It's an amazing F2P, everything is obtainable through farming/grinding, even the real currency you'd buy with real money. Takes a bit of time and farming to actually get some decent stuff but it's worth the trouble! Graphics wise, it's better than some $20-$30 games out there, and it keeps on getting better! Sure, you'll have glitches and bugs, that's because the game is still in Beta, and many people seem to forget about it. Glitches and bugs get fixed over time, the devs works hard for that. =)
game-hours: 117.3
review: very Thrillful and open upon Builds we all can make up!!!
game-hours: 651.6
review: Best Game Ever 10/10
game-hours: 149.9
review: Black Susan.
game-hours: 0.7
review: omg wow this is good wow omg
game-hours: 325.3
review: If do you like to kill & craft, this game is your best choice! * Killing with guns, swords or wherever that you can throw, press or aim in somebody. * Crafting, Space Ninja stuff that you like! Theres a lot of Alien Ninja stuff to craft, too many choices omg!
game-hours: 3.1
review: Its a great game .
game-hours: 17.3
review: NINJAS. IN SPACE.
game-hours: 141.1
review: this is a good co-op multiplayer game and i recomend it to every one i know
game-hours: 97.0
review: As i read the description and saw some videos of this, i was a little interested,. so i downloaded it , not expecting much. this game has wowed me and if i had the choice between any new gen games, i would pick this. This game is more than just getiing new weapons and warframes, it is a game that has struck a cord in my expierence with games, and will always be on eof my favorites. With plenty of warframes, weapons, and equpiment, this game never gets boring. Every mission is a new expierence and challenge, with or without friends or randoms. The clan system helps everyone, unlike most other games. With plenty of love/hate relationships with the bosses, this is a game for the ages.
game-hours: 122.1
review: Game is Amazing!!! I recommend this to all my friends!!
game-hours: 345.4
review: This story requires a bit of setup. Last year, a friend of mine whom I'd known from gaming for a long time contacted me and told me about this great new game that was in beta that he was backing as a founder (called a "Grandmaster" in-game) called Warframe. A third person cooperative shooter with elements of Phantasy Star Online/Diablo loot runs, procedurally generated levels, and more content being added all the time. The game was difficult to start, as there are many keys for various secret parkour maneuvers. Running along walls! Sliding down ziplines! Soon, I was completely hooked; my friend and I were playing late into the night, trying to grind out just one more piece necessary to build a new component or weapon, or trying to beat our best time on the Survival missions -- where you fend off an ever growing wave of foes as life support ticks down. Over the year, there were many great victories, hair raising last second escapes, and new friends joining our little group. Many hours were spent joking around with each other on Skype, cracking jokes, blasting weird songs at each other, and coming up with our own stupid little catchphrases. Flash forward a year; Warframe now has space combat, new Warframes, new weapons, and new combat controls. The game still has its original style, but it's so much improved. Last week, our four player regular team developed some incredible strategies that let us get further than we ever had on wave defense missions. The only thing that made us stop was getting tired. On Tuesday, my friend who invited me to the game a year ago didn't show up that night. I found out on Wednesday that he had passed away suddenly from an undiagnosed health condition. The shock of it is still hitting us hard. The friendships that we had formed through the game, gone in an instant. It hardly feels real. I keep expecting him to log in and be there, ready to do another defense mission, and it's difficult to accept that we'll be going it alone now. We contacted Digital Extremes, the company that makes the game, and asked if there was anything we could do. They dedicated their 11/20/2014 episode of their webcast to the memory of our friend and read our memorials to him on the air. Their reactions were heartfelt and touching. They really do listen to and react to the community. I not only recommend the game for how much fun it is (I recommend you play it with a group of friends on voice chat -- up to four per session; your gameplay experience may vary alone, and form a clan or join one just because many items are clan-only), I recommend it for how responsive the game developers are to the community. They constantly improve it and add new content, items, and weapons. There is a storyline that is unfolding. The voice acting is delightful. You could easily play this game without spending a single dollar of real world currency on it (real world currency is used for cosmetics and increasing the number of Warframes and weapons you can own, or buying things that you can't wait for). Thanks, Digital Extremes. And rest in peace, Woxit.
game-hours: 2499.4
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download Warframe 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play Warframe 3) Grind for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself; that's how sure I was that it would work. Edit: A few people are adding me for help on WF. Feel free to add me if you wish, and I'll try my best to accept and answer any questions you may have, but just know I may not have time to play more than a few rounds with you :c Sorry.
game-hours: 518.2
review: first week: its ok Second week: cool game Third week: wow, great game fourth week: 300 hours? this cant be right! fifth week: 430 hours, i have a problem...
game-hours: 524.9
review: they should add skateboards for all the grinding you do
game-hours: 2946.2
review: It's like a real life girlfriend. Only far less expensive and easier to grind.
game-hours: 118.7
review: | Update (24/4/14): It has been a fairly significant chunk of time since I wrote this review of Warframe, and some elements of the game have been expanded upon in ways that alleviate some of the issues I originally had. The premium currency, platinum, can now be traded between players. This provides an option for players who do not wish to put money into the game but want to participate in using the storefront. Users in the comments have pointed out that there are many powerful items which are not available in the store - if you want them, you'll need to grind. Multiple new game modes exist, including "Invasion", a mode which allows players to team up together with the Corpus or the Grineer to work against the opposing faction. This mode gives the player some agency in the kinds of rewards he receives for completing the mission. The latest update introduced Melee 2.0, which delivered improvements to the game's melee combat. The most interesting update comes in the form of Dark Sectors. Clans and alliances can own parts of the Solar System, and can fight for that contested ownership. Clans and Alliances can also set tax and resource requirements on anyone who accesses their conquered territories, leading to territorial battles for supremacy. In conclusion, a decent amount of content has been added to the game. While the core argument of my review holds true, Warframe is finally approaching the level of depth required to elevate itself above a mere grinding game. The new "EVE Online"-esque sector mechanics are particularly promising in that regard. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | Original Review (25/11/13) A great-looking, initially interesting game that feels like one compelling part of what should be a greater whole. Warframe is an interesting entry in the free to play space. It has the looks and the gameplay, but after a while it begins to feel lacking in the way of substance. Gameplay largely involves clearing your way through various missions types as you progress in rank, leveling up your weapons and your Warframe (the game's metaphor for various Classes, each having their own unique abilities, advantages, disadvantages and so on) as you shoot a myriad of alien Grineer, infested hordes, and Corpus robots. Missions range from rescue scenarios where a hostage must be located and escorted to safety, to mobile defense missions where waves of increasingly difficult enemies must be held off as you protect a moving objective. These can all be completed solo, but are made more interesting by grouping up with other players. Higher level missions are tricky by yourself, making teaming up the more attractive proposition. Weapons and Warframes can be augmented with various modifcations that apply the standard Action RPG fare - elemental damage bonuses, increased critical hit damage, faster reload speeds, you name it. This allows for some diversity in gameplay between players, where you may opt to build out your Warframe in a more supportive role, or stock up on mods which provide a more tanky character. So far the game has been well supported with semi-regular content updates and special events, usually in the form of new warframes and weapons, and a "community effort" in which everyone can participate. The only "issue" is that the game is a bit of a grind. In fact, it's a complete grinding game. The main reason for going on missions is in the hopes of accumulating various materials with which to craft the new warframes or weapons. You can use the games "premium" currency to expedite the process of manufacturing said items (which take hours, days of real time to craft) or simply buy them outright from a storefront. Why do you want these new weapons and warframes? To grind more efficiently for materials. This might strike you as a monotonous loop, and to an extent it is, but the joy of the gameplay itself goes a way to allievating the game from being a total bore. Inevitably though you may become tired of the treadmill. The game sometimes feels like it is skirting the boundaries of being gross about its "free to play" nature - you can certainly get almost everything in the game without spending if you're willing to commit to the grind, but it can sometimes feel like game systems are designed to encourage you to give up and bring out your wallet - namely the sheer amount of materials required to craft better equipment, and the time spent waiting for these items to actually be built. It's always questionable when a F2P game includes a long timer alongside a button to make it go away for just a few pounds. Ultimately, if you're just looking for a good looking, nice playing third person shooter with online components and a decent aesthetic, you can do far worse than Warframe. After spending some time with it, however, you might wind up wishing there was a little more to the experience beyond what is currently available.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Pros: Graphics Gameplay Controls Story Voice acting Mixture of Shooting and melee combat Feeling badass flipping off walls and chopping dudes up Cons: Not enough hours in the day to play Might destroy Relationship/Marriage Could cause loss of feeling in  Might cause loss of friends 10/10
game-hours: 402.3
review: I bought a space gun using my space money, i used said gun on space zombies, I casted space magic on said space zombies, then i space ninja'd my way to the space boss, where i used my space parkour and my space sword to space kill him, I then returned to my space ship were i rubbed the space belly of my space dog. Today was a good day.
game-hours: 2945.3
review: Before you read into this review, let me ask you one question. Do you think fun is the most important thing in any game? If you answered yes, stick around and keep reading. If you answered no, you probably wouldn't like Warframe. Warframe gets a lot of flak for being repetative, but I personally feel that the reviewers who complain about the gameplay being repetative are failing to see the bigger picture. Warframe is not about a deep, gripping narrartive or memorable characters, it's about action, fun, and pretty crazy weapon variety. And to top it all off, everything that impacts gameplay can be obtained for free. Warframe is a very specialized game, focused on action, flare, and fun. And boy oh boy does Warframe nail action and fun. With over a dozen unique Warframes(Powersuits used by the player, each with their own unique abilities and stats) to choose from you're sure to find one that you really enjoy playing as. And then there's the weapons. Oh boy, the weapons. This game has almost every kind of Sci-Fi weapon I can think of. We have small scale particle cannons, Beefy sniper rifles, plasma casters, living weapons that shoot everything from Electricity to streams of deadly viruses, an insanely powerful rocket launcher, a Grenade launcher with remote detonation, powerful bows, a gun that shoots spinning saw blades, and of course the obligatory pew-pew assualt rifles to ease new players into the experience. Oh, but that's just the Primaries. In every mission, you will have the option to carry a Primary, a Secondary, and a Melee but you can choose to carry only 1 or 2 if you please. The Secondaries include but are not limited to: Living weapons that shoot Corrosive darts and poison gas, a goo gun that shoots sticky globs of acid that eat right through armor, 2 deadly hand cannons, one of which shoots many metal balls in a shotgun spread while the other shoots a spread of radiation blasts, Miniature plasma casters, rapid fire dual pistols, a spread-rocket launcher that they somehow compressed into the size of a pistol, a pistol that shoots bolts that can pin enemies to walls, deadly and accurate burst fire pistols, pocket snipers, Revolvers, a Lever action beast, Throwing knives, Throwing stars, and a Standard semi-auto pistol to ease new players in. And then there's my favorite weapon class, the Melee. We've got Greatswords that can hit numerous enemies in a wide arc, more conservative longswords that swing fast and allow better mobility while attacking, Dual daggers which generate an incredibly fast flurry of slashes and stabs, whips for when you want the range of a greatsword but the mobility of a longsword, there's also the polearms, Heavy axes, Heavy hammers, ROCKET HAMMER, and even the Thrown melee weapons, useful for killing at a distance while conserving ammo and for stealth kills. More recently Digital Extremes added in 2 Katanas and a set of claws that pop out of your arms like Wolverine. Melee has become much more prominent lately now that DE has completely revamped it. No longer do you simply mash or hold E, now you can perform different combos that require different inputs. These combos are assigned to stance mods that you can apply to your weapon. Each melee weapon class I mentioned above has at least 1 stance mod, and each mod comes with it's own unique combos that are useful for different purposes and situations. My favorites are the Katanas with Decisive Judgement as the stance. I use it to make my tenno look and fight like Vergil from Devil May Cry 3. So yes, Warframe can seem repetative to some people, but not to me. I greatly enjoy the vast arsenal that is placed before me, and I truly believe that these tools of destruction make up for the lack of deep narrative. That said, I thoroughly recommend Warframe to anyone who likes Shooters or character action games, or anyone who likes having fun.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Start game ---- create an account --- choose warframe --- play game --- kill enemies/rescue buddies/defend a pod/etc --- kill bosses --- open new planets --- rank up --- build new warframe --- find clan --- build new warframe --- farm farm farm --- build new weapon --- farm farm farm --- build new warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build new sentry --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a Kubrow --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- build a prime weapon --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- build a Prime warframe --- XP XP XP --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- farm farm farm --- play the same new event mission x5 --- gain new mods --- polarize weapon --- XP XP XP XP XP --- need credits - T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- NEW UPDATE ---- FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING FARM ARCHWING --- go build arch wing - "No resources" --- farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm - build arch wing *NO CREDITS* --- T4 T4 T4 T4 T4 --- build archwing *** waits 36 hours*** thats pretty much my experience on Warframe --- 10/10 ---
game-hours: 7.4
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 338.6
review: Visually stunning and great gameplay
game-hours: 1.8
review: great game
game-hours: 78.0
review: If you like cyborg ninja's and , this is the game for you.
game-hours: 437.7
review: Yes its great rewarding and probably my favorite f2p game
game-hours: 164.3
review: This game is... AMAZING its unique and overall fun as hell only complaint I have is build times are crazy long x.x
game-hours: 795.2
review: Awsome game that taught me how to be a epic ninja and kill random people for there recources and credits so i can craft new ninja gear and buy stuff on the "market"... no longer will i be threatend as i will be the the one that "mugs" people
game-hours: 7.3
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1.1
review: This game is good, and the melee system is amazing.
game-hours: 653.3
review: Really enjoyed playing this game ... Probably the best 3rd person , online ninja PVE game out there , It's free to play !! so try it out and rate it yourselves :)
game-hours: 208.0
review: the best F2P game ever
game-hours: 2.4
review: lol
game-hours: 152.1
review: If you like Mass effect 3 Multiplayer, this is a definite download for you. Its a third person shooter, with enhanced speed and chaos. You can be a ninja and run around cutting people in half or stealthy and snipe people from a distance. You even got customization up the wazoo and mods which make the weapons you use even better.Its free too! The only reason you shouldn't download is if you don't have enough space on your hard drive, that's it.
game-hours: 19.2
review: bob
game-hours: 1280.5
review: BEST AGME EVER still crahses but when it comes too the game its pretty aswome
game-hours: 1.0
review: It takes a while to download the game :( get this game!
game-hours: 2.6
review: pene
game-hours: 568.4
review: This is the best game if you want to spend the hours of your life grinding for things that aren't worth a nickle in real life and find bugs and see they will never get fixed best game ever 9/11 would play again
game-hours: 14.5
review: mmmm
game-hours: 326.5
review: LOve it 99% because make blueprints for warframe parts (Chssis,head,ect.) to be buyable in the market!
game-hours: 4.2
review: Everyone looks like a Chinese bootleg version of Zer0
game-hours: 6.5
review: I cut a robot in half, decapitated that half and cut his arms off. 10/10
game-hours: 97.2
review: Space farming simulator 10/10 would grind agian
game-hours: 123.5
review: Warframe, omg don't even get me started! In my honest opinion this game is just un real. You have such a diversity in choice it's incredible it's and amazing fps/rpg!
game-hours: 0.1
review: damn
game-hours: 1975.7
review: It's addictive, fun to play with friends if you enjoy co-op, and is a good example of Free-to-play done well. If you end up investing in the game you'll want to put some cash down to improve your experience however, as the number of weapons and 'classes' or warframe you can store on your account is overlly limited without paying (or trading in-game items, which is also a viable option).
game-hours: 38.5
review: I have no life anymore...
game-hours: 0.5
review: its an ok game could be better
game-hours: 301.1
review: play it lol
game-hours: 1128.4
review: I like Rhino.
game-hours: 34.9
review: It is truly an amazing game for free... I've only played a small bit of it, but it already has impressed me greatly, and I know that I will continue to play it. Combat is fluid and satisfying, the atmosphere is wonderful, and the graphics are beautiful, plus there's the fact that it's free! Definitely try it out at least, what do you have to lose?
game-hours: 331.1
review: Cracking graphics, good overall gameplay. Really smooth playstyle. Awesome mobility ability. Good questlines! Overall smashing game!
game-hours: 49.0
review: its purdy guud
game-hours: 768.5
review: One of the most awesome highly anticipated Sci-Fi Supernatural Hack and Slash Third Person Lite MMO Shooter, ever been made! And the best of all!? It's for FREE! And i am really diggin it! Spend tons of hours on this brilliant game! Getting better by the major Updates! Can't wait for the next best update to come! :) I reccomend this to all my peeps of my friendslist!
game-hours: 242.6
review: Be a space ninja who hunts people who hate space ninjas Hek yeah kill them all with your Hek shotgun.
game-hours: 346.4
review: I don't think I'd played enough of it. I'll get back to you with a review.
game-hours: 615.7
review: Honestly the best game on the market, and its free. 3/3 illuminaughty
game-hours: 33.7
review: Best game ive played in a while, spent 16 hrs on it in about 2 days.
game-hours: 61.4
review: Very Fun game, but hopefully they release more in-game content. Everything I wanted to do required real money. I'm not a stranger to F2P MMOs with in game stores, but the actual in game content here is pretty limited. Pretty much pay to win. As far as game play goes, melee range is kinda hard to judge at first, and the controls aren't exactly friendly. you have 3 weapons, and "F" toggles them, however it only seems to toggle between 2 of them unless you hold it down to get the 3rd. When I finally had everything down, and was moving along, I joined my first co-op map, and the person I ran with sprinted to the end and bypassed all the good stuff between... then complained that I was going through, killing things and getting drops (i've read this is a common thing). This is supposedly still in open beta, but it has been for quite some time. I worry this is a game that will get strung along as is for a while and never be finished completely. I'd actually consider paying 60$ for this if I got access to the entire game. There appeares to be a LOT of potential with this game, but its more worried about making money off of miniscule transaction than making a good game. I recommend checking it out, but it's not going to change your world.
game-hours: 55.0
review: Really awesome, It's all ways pulling you in and it has a really smart story I recommend it
game-hours: 10.9
review: Amazing game,couldn't be better. Love the Character customization.
game-hours: 36.7
review: i had so much fun playing this. the only problem is the launcher. every time i open the launcher the update process begins but then it fails and i cant play! It is really annoying! when it works it is great fun with friends. i mean come on FRICKIN' SPACE NINJAS!!!!
game-hours: 384.4
review: NINJA
game-hours: 60.5
review: Space ninjas with rocket launchers, big flippin' swords, parcours  and ridiculous dismemberment animations. 11/10
game-hours: 8.3
review: This game is amazing but the way you git money coudl be bette, but still an amazing game!!!
game-hours: 343.7
review: Scene: Orokin Void Lights start flickering Equips Codex Scanner Starts typing message: "don't kill the stalker yet, let me scan him--- Stalker appears in a poof of black smoke behind me Takes a long swing before 1 hit kills me with his Hate I fall to the floor bleeding out in disappointment Stalker says goodbye before vanishing in a poof of black smoke Waists last revive Best game 10/10
game-hours: 14.0
review: Awesome gameplay, really addicting game. Amazing graphics. Cool powerups and skills, wallruns, weapon upgrades, etc. This is the game for Halo/ God of War fans!!
game-hours: 319.4
review: A really nice third person shooter.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Who wouldn't want to run around being a flipping, rolling, wall-running, sword-fighting, and gun-blazing alien space-ninja?
game-hours: 132.5
review: Last update made my game redownload all over...
game-hours: 904.8
review: Bugframe
game-hours: 24.2
review: In Warframe, you play as a member of a dying race known as the Tenno, who are fighting and losing a war against the evil forces of the Grenier.You jump right into the action, woken up from cryogenic sleep, (like halo) and are forced to fight your way to your ship. Where you make holographic contact with a being known as the lotus. You get a choice of between 4 choices (i think) Excalibur,Volt, Mag, and Loki. Excalibur is a master of melee, so he's really good with swords. Volt, my personal favorite, uses electricity in a variety of ways, he can disable enemy shields, fry em' create a shield of his own, and absort energy. Mag is a master of gravity and magnets, he is able to sweep enemies of their feet and suspend them in the air and smash them back down, he can also do the opposite and make them collapse on themselves. shattering bones and what not. Loki, the illustionist, can mess with the minds of enemies and teleport behind them. (and other stuff I'm not sure about.) Honestly, its not bad, abit pay to win, but mostly fun to play for free, If you're creative you won't really need cash. The whole point of using the: "Ninjas play free" slogan is to let players know that is you are stealthy, you won't need to buy the awesome pack-a-punchesque weapons and upgrades, you can be just as effective with the weapons the give you. Apart from that, the game itself is beatiful, colorful, ingaging and open world. (I mean like really open) You get to travel through, not only the milkyway, but other galaxies that you wouldn't even have imagined. You can also, God willing you have the skill, battle other players in PvP. I mean seriously, you're a space ninja, how awesome is that! If a tenno had to fight a Jedi, I'd go with the Tenno. Gameplay: 8/10 Story: 5/10 PvP: on the fence Visuals: 10/10 Community: 9/10
game-hours: 720.7
review: Its freemium done right. Everything but cosmetics are obtainable through playing the game. As a freemium game there are wait times for when you are building things. At some times the game can be slightly grindy, however usually its still quite fun. There are lots of clans in the game that you can join and chat with the people in them. Beware of the trade market, the benefit of the clans can help prevent you from getting tricked into selling something way cheaper than what is could be worth. In the end have fun
game-hours: 61.2
review: So I slid into a man, I tripped him and he proceeded to fly in the air. 10/10
game-hours: 491.2
review: A Good third person , Sci-Fi , Ninja Style CO-OP Game. Shoot/Beat em up!
game-hours: 141.7
review: this game is awesome ppl come play and add me
game-hours: 9.0
review: Allahu Akbar! 10/10
game-hours: 257.4
review: Slightly repetative after a while but its a good game 7.5/10
game-hours: 9.4
review: its what destiny isnt 11/10 its like skyrim in the future
game-hours: 600.6
review: One of the best 'horde mode' games you can play. It's like 4 player Dynasty Warriors with shooter elements and far more customization. The game keeps improving with each patch. Definitely worth your time.
game-hours: 1831.6
review: Beautiful and fun, but a bit repetetive. The game itself if free to play, and all content is available without having to spend money, BUT; A large part of progression in the game is building new weapons and leveling them up, to access better weapons and harder content. If you don't spend money to increase your inventory space, you will have to toss out beloved weapons and Warframes to make room for new things that are constantly added to the game. This will severely limit your gameplay experience and versatility for different content. Currently in Beta for over a year running, the game is regularly updated with new content, and has weekly live-show updates from the developers. Come for the charming development team, fun parkour-y gun&swordplay, original and intriguing sci-fi universe. Stay for the never-ending hunt for rare drops.
game-hours: 0.8
review: it's
game-hours: 389.1
review: Free to play. Free to pay. There are other Free-to-Play games like Dota 2 or Counterstrike without Pay-to-Win and with a better gameplay. Dont waste your time. The first five hours made fun, the other hours made me bored.
game-hours: 79.8
review: Awesome game....loved the PVP and the best part is that its free
game-hours: 212.2
review: 2 Words Space. Ninjas.
game-hours: 256.8
review: Sliding doesn't trip people up. Huge disappointment. 10/10.
game-hours: 209.1
review: One of the best F2P games out there, with constant content updates, dev contact with the community, and amazing gameplay features.
game-hours: 47.8
review: Space ninjas with magic. Need I say more?
game-hours: 1381.4
review: If you are looking for a shooter then this could be for you!
game-hours: 130.3
review: A hoarders paradise. All the space ninja with special powers goodness you could want.
game-hours: 96.2
review: A really nice graphics for free tps game. I like the way of this game and how it built I recommend this game for people that want free quality games!
game-hours: 772.1
review: Very nice game. I love it <3
game-hours: 664.3
review: Good F2P coop action game with nice depth in crafting and modifying weapons and abilities. Fun to play and devs are continually adding new content.
game-hours: 781.3
review: Pretty awesome game in which I've spent a majority of my time playing. If you like FPS Shooters, You'll like this!
game-hours: 372.1
review: fun and easy. just dont pick excalibur
game-hours: 679.6
review: Great game its very Fun ad the Devs always workin on it
game-hours: 28.6
review: it is a great game good graphics nice weapons good game 10/10
game-hours: 373.4
review: YO! Ninjas in space, my ninja.. What else do you want?
game-hours: 4.7
review: This is so rad, the whole concept and idea of the game i love. I also really like how the online is setup, its cooperative rather than pvp. And on top of it its free, how much better can it get?
game-hours: 3.6
review: Ninjas in high tech suits killing (space nazis) and being bad asses i dont know what to say more then that i dont think there was ever a game that was free like that i mean with this kind of play there are better game sthat are free but thats one of the best ones if you arent having fun with it and you dont like it ok its ok for me some people have their own opinion but the game is nice so yeah i dont know what to say more.
game-hours: 56.7
review: I love this game, my friends and I enjoy going through levels together. Good for groups of friends
game-hours: 785.0
review: - This game is super addictive and everything is obtainable in a reasonable time without paying real money. - It feels like it doesn't take that long to obtain items from missions because the game makes you feel so good inside when you're playing that you lose track of time and always want to do JUST ONE MORE mission. - Best F2P game on steam for me and I can't get enough.
game-hours: 548.7
review: Want to be a Ninja? Then play Warframe. Ez Ninja. But for real.. Best ing game ever. Get it.
game-hours: 104.0
review: I impaled a dude to a wall with a bow by shooting him in the nuts
game-hours: 33.1
review: best game ever 10/10
game-hours: 58.9
review: Excellent shooter with excellent graphics and content. I would highly recommend for people who like sci-fi and people who like shooters. And, of course, the fact that it's free does help...
game-hours: 196.8
review: Great Free FPS
game-hours: 234.3
review: 10/10 Space Ninjas
game-hours: 44.5
review: Nice pretty easy at start game, but better play with friends. Random ppl mostly just rush to end of mission without any fun.
game-hours: 112.3
review: This game is fun, but like any other game, gets pretty repetitive. But unlike other games, this is a constantly updated game, meaning events, and alerts are there. One thing to keep mind is the amount of money you'll invest in this game if you plan on going serious. They give you a few slots that can quickly get filled up, something that seems important.
game-hours: 5.6
review: AMMAZING
game-hours: 293.7
review: FUN!
game-hours: 250.2
review: Ninjas. Aliens. Tenno. Clones. This game is now complete. Oh yeah, there's also awesome ninja swords. And flamethrowers. And bows & arrows. Yeah. It's complete.
game-hours: 3807.2
review: Warframe is one of the most unique games I've had the pleasure of playing. Digital Extremes has challenged what we traditionally view video games to be with a decidedly different approach. With a wide arsenal of weapons and frames to choose from, there are so many ways to deliver death and destruction to the countless enemies in your way. Someone decided it was a fun idea to create a sniper rifle that launches sawblades, how cool is that? Then they decided to have a gigantic warhammer with a jet engine strapped to it? Why? Because they can. You have flamethrowers, bows, and no small assortment of rifles and pistols -- along with some even more exotic weapons you simply can't use in any other game. If you feel like blowing off steam from a long day at work, you can fire up warframe and choose whatever instrument of death suits your fancy and go to town on endless creatures and destroy them in truly horrific and neat ways. The f2p model is one of the best I've seen in any game, and could really be seen more as pay4convenience, rather than pay2win. Every frame can be found by beating bosses, every weapon can be built in your foundry. Might take time, but it is free. Warframe has events on a regular basis with exclusive items, and they're constantly putting out new weapons on a weekly or bi-weekly basis. The developers truly seem to have 'fun' in mind when it comes to Warframe, even if things seem repetitive after a while -- I never get tired of slaughtering the same creatures in different ways. Pick up Warframe if you think over-the-top violence involving space ninjas, parkour, rocket launchers, clones, robots, and a space canadian talking to you through your hud is an awesome experience.
game-hours: 1551.4
review: This game grows on you, before you know it you have spent 500+ hours playing it.
game-hours: 207.6
review: Is good.
game-hours: 14.3
review: This is a great game, but the costs for weapons and cosmetics are too high and forces us players to grind or pay. This artificailly increases the playtime. Most of the weapons, tennos, weapon/tenno slots, and cosmetics cost platinum or a ludicrous amount of credits to buy. Purchasing with platinum reduces the grind tremendously but the only way to get platinum is to purchase it or using the in-game trading system. I hope you move the platinum/ micro-transaction solely to the cosmetics, or at the very least, lower the credit costs. I'm not saying this is a bad game, I am just saying that there is a large amount of micro-transactions in this and most other "free to play" games.
game-hours: 198.2
review: Warframe 4 LYFE
game-hours: 11.6
review: Very fast paced a little hard to get used to at first but super ninja robot suits are well worth it. Not enough in game instructions on the how too but dosn't take to long to find out where every thing is located in the menu. For a free game very worth it. Of course has in game microtransactions if you would like to spend money.
game-hours: 779.2
review: Warframe is a great grind game with an enjoyable grind style. You play as Tenno (space ninjas!) and run around doing repetitive missions. Though the missions do burn you out, the combat and manuevers just flow really well. Throughout these missions you pick up mods (which give boosts/unique abilities to your equipment) and resources (used for crafting new equipment) and credits (the "free" in-game currency). Though there is a cash shop (platinum) none of the weapons or warframes are locked behind it. In fact, the only items that are exclusive to the cash shop are cosmetics and grinding boosters (exp multipliers, resource multipliers, credit multipliers, etc). Overall Warframe is a great f2p game and will go for hundreds of hours of play.
game-hours: 31.4
review: De los free-to-play, me parece que es uno de los ms refinados. Hay mil cosas para craftear y muchsimas misiones para hacer. El nico problema es el grindeo de materiales para hacer las cosas nuevas...
game-hours: 66.4
review: Ruined my best friend's and my own life. 10/10.
game-hours: 9.3
review: One of the BEST /\/ / /\/ _/ /\ game i have ever play 5***** stars
game-hours: 153.3
review: addictive game.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Since I tend to ramble when I post I'll be making this short. 1.this game is pay to win. Pretty much everything is behind xp locks or paywalls. 2. A live system has been included. if you get your  kicked by mobs of enemies four times [easy to happen in the beginner levels] then you must wait a day or pay up. No 1-ups here unless you have dosh. 3.like pretty much all free mmo's the community lean between complete trash and decent. 4. for some reason the devs of this game decided to make leveling up a real pain in the . after a certain amount of levels have been reached you must take a test to progress further. This translates to you getting dumped into a small arena where you must kill a blob of enemies on a time limit. If you fail you have to wait a day before you can try again. It's not bad as free mmo goes but there are better games to spend your money on. I'll give it a reluctent thumbs up.
game-hours: 153.6
review: One of the best free games out there.
game-hours: 200.5
review: Hey, it's cyborg ninjas in space. Where the  can you go wrong with cyber ninjas in space. WITH BREASTS. 10/10 best cyborg ninjas in space with women simulator circa 2013
game-hours: 638.1
review: I currently have 200+ hours put into this game and let me tell you, it's well worth it. It provides a co-op experience like no other and even when you play it alone, the outstanding community easily integrates you and makes it easy to make friends on the game itself. This being said, I fully recommend playing it with a group of 4 people that you can communicate with. It makes the whole experience a whole lot smoother and just overall fun. The amount of weapons, enemies, customization, personalization and constant (weekly) updating makes this an amazing well-rounded game.
game-hours: 1492.9
review: Space Ninja awesomeness at it's core. Run, Parqour, Slide, Shoot, Slash, Kill, Kill, Kill...... and Kill some more. The Tenno against the Grineer, Infested, Corpus, and Orokin Corrupted, with so many weapons, warframes (armor with specials), and mods (both warframe and weapon) the basic combat gameplay is simple with complex undertones of customization. If you liked GunZ The Duel, this is the next level of co-op play. For a free to play game, this game takes the title of the best. Enjoy!
game-hours: 300.8
review: the game is okay but you guys have the ies client i have ever seen in my ing life and i will stop playing this game if the client keeps freezing and disconnecting me and ing up my computer for no apparent reason. SO i really hope you guys do something about it
game-hours: 386.1
review: great
game-hours: 393.1
review: Space + Ninjas. really cant ask for anything else.
game-hours: 47.8
review: This game KICKS SOOOO MUCH  get it now
game-hours: 273.3
review: Very entertaining and the action is adequately fast and gritty down to the core. Spent a lot of hours on this one, and some cash too. Totally worth it, but the Warframe experience wouldn't be complete with some friends along. :) Gets a little lonely sometimes.
game-hours: 1035.8
review: s'allright I guess
game-hours: 235.0
review: awesome mmorpg shooter
game-hours: 234.7
review: Mindless Farming 24/7. 10/10.
game-hours: 517.8
review: Top game, I dont usually put more then 100 hours in a shooter before i get bored but with this one i have put in over 400 hours and still going strong
game-hours: 220.7
review: Gets kinda repetative but the combat is fun. Good to play for a short time.
game-hours: 525.8
review: ninjya plays free maybe not
game-hours: 6.7
review: Awesome game.. At first i didnt think much of it when i saw GP trailers ect, but when i tried in myself, i was tossed away :D - Its AMAZING :). And love the mods / wpns creations :) - And the time it takes to construc each wpn :) . Just started out - so this is a "noob" review :) .
game-hours: 4.7
review: cool
game-hours: 447.3
review: It's very nice!
game-hours: 0.6
review: 1-4 yoshis island big orange
game-hours: 18.2
review: it stops at "verifying download cache"
game-hours: 39.4
review: Great game! There is a few bugs there but nothing too bad to prevent you from enjoying this game.
game-hours: 19.5
review: Fun co-op game that relies on you teammates
game-hours: 268.4
review: Enjoy the mid-air sliding to increase your speed, everything else sucks tho.
game-hours: 196.1
review: pew pew grahahahsgahg
game-hours: 30.6
review: GREAT game with unique playstyle and cool features.
game-hours: 958.4
review: Siq
game-hours: 3.3
review: my quest monster stuck in a wall and we cant shoot it
game-hours: 1814.2
review: New content very frequently released. Fun but expect the (endless) grindwall. But hey, its free to play.
game-hours: 475.0
review: Warframe its a thirdperson shooter game you can choose 3 warframe's on the begin. In the begin its a bit boring But after a few hours played you can craft thats where the cool things begin. You can craft weapons or warframe's and other nice stuff.You can go beat bosses to get parts of other warframe's and complete all the missions Good game :P
game-hours: 91.0
review: very good and adicting game :3
game-hours: 344.3
review: I played a bit... too much. But t'is still the best time I had ever spent.
game-hours: 821.7
review: A game with evergrowing content, Warframe is a game that makes me question why is it even free. Surely a must try if you're looking for a sci-fi adventure that requires teamwork. Warframe best fits your needs.
game-hours: 80.7
review: MY Dog Died
game-hours: 12.4
review: nc game
game-hours: 312.6
review: Space Ninja Murder Hobo's... 3rd person run and gun with awesome meele, a cool economy with enough weapons andupgrades to make even Borderlands jealous. What are you waiting for? Come get your parkour on.
game-hours: 1851.2
review: Absolutely fantastic artwork. But even after being a beta-tester for over 500 hours, the lack of lore, repetition, horrible drop system and recently a complete disconnection between developer and community, I would not touch it with a pole. It may become a good game, for now it is a mess with beautiful graphics.
game-hours: 961.9
review: Amazing game well worth the download
game-hours: 1287.1
review: The game is amazingly fun but DE, the people who made it and run it, are completely incompetent.
game-hours: 365.2
review: Fun. Addictive. Everyone should try it out.
game-hours: 1.8
review: Warframe is an amazing free game, one of the best with great graphics and multiplayer and single player to have fun with. It also has a huge campaign with alot of planets with missions to adventure and they change nearly every time when you load the mission. So I definitly recommend it to everyone!
game-hours: 5.2
review: Nothing here except for A NINJA THIRD PERSON SHOOTER WITH A GREAT STORY!!!! I can friend you on there and we can join forces.
game-hours: 218.3
review: This is by far the best F2P MMO i've played so far, i recommend you all to play it or at least try it out!
game-hours: 1290.5
review: Best free to play game hands down.
game-hours: 289.3
review: This game is one of the best games I've ever played. Sure the story line isn't very good because its more focused on the gameplay mechanics, but holy hell is it fun. There are a lot of different weapons to choose from and the best thing is you actually earn them and dont just run around, get a bunch of money, then buy them like in other games. This game is not for people who just wanna be able to get the good stuff fast without spending real money, I highly reccomend this for people who want a game their gonna play for awhile before they earn all the stuff because I've played this game for 100+ hours and I've only had a few of the many weapons and characters in the game.
game-hours: 1.4
review: It is an okay game it is not anything "amazing!". I give it an 7/10
game-hours: 5.2
review: Great game, played for hours before realising it was on steam.
game-hours: 161.7
review: solid 3rd person shooter and a really cool art design 10/10
game-hours: 2036.8
review: Warframe is alot of fun expecially for free. If you put more than 10-20 hours into the game your going to want to put some cash into the game as slots for weapons / warframes can be pricey and needed. Overall is a great game and i dont mind giving the devs some money as they keep rolling out updates nearly every week.
game-hours: 40.9
review: A pretty neat game, though the coolest weapons require an investment. You don't HAVE to spend any money on the game, but remember this: A grindable item is only free if your time has no value. Budget accordingly.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Pretty boring after a while. Becomes a bit of a grindfest.
game-hours: 325.6
review: Awesome game, hours of fun, a must try for free.
game-hours: 11.3
review: This is the best game i have ever played while it's in beta! It's fun and it's got good graphics. At some points it's hard and challenging but that means that you have to bulk up! PLUS it's free! What's not to like?
game-hours: 323.9
review: This is one of my favorite games of all time!
game-hours: 1.9
review: good game
game-hours: 335.2
review: Yes.
game-hours: 442.7
review: Alright so here's the deal as far as 3rd person multiplayer online shooters goes this is one of the best games I've ever played, and I was worried it'd be pay to win, but more or less there is a point where it is pay to progress, however with incentives like log in bonus which can provide up to 75% off their in game currency spending $10-20 bucks really gets you far and gets you quite a bit. I normally don't like games where you have to pay to progress, but $25 bucks for a game that has given me 400+ hours of play isn't half bad. It may not be everyones cup of tea, but its f2p, give it a try.
game-hours: 205.9
review: Very Good Game!
game-hours: 532.0
review: Good PVE content, not a PVP game. Fair amount of grinding but enough regular content produced that it keeps you entertained.
game-hours: 141.7
review: Really aesthetic game. I mean, common. People have been saying this again and again. Space. Ninjas. Lots of weapons. Lots of character builds. Lots of fun and flashy powers. It's a top notch PvE. But hey, it's a total grindfest. That's the only problem I have. But being this game is perfect if you're weekend warrior. The game gets updated often so it's a "fresh" experience every time you get on, in a way.
game-hours: 40.3
review: Great game, starting items are a bit rough but once you get ranked up and can afford new items. Jesus the game becomes so much better. I use to not want to play it because I felt like I couldn't do anything. Then I got new weapons and a warframe, man and I am loving it now.
game-hours: 15.3
review: The crazyness this game inflicts apon you is as good as HALO. A shooter done right.
game-hours: 165.1
review: it is so fun i play it with all my friends, it is a good team game
game-hours: 2711.4
review: The perfect game for who ever likes grinding and completing ... by the way killing evil Aliens in 1001 ways ! In the last months Developers have every 2 weeks latest the have new content !
game-hours: 301.8
review: I AM A ROBOT SPACE NINJA PARKOURING MY WAY THROUGH ZOMBIES WITH A BOW THAT SHOOTS ARROWS MADE OF ICE, WHILE A BOX FOLLOWS ME AROUND AND SHOOTS EVERYTHING WITH FIRE.
game-hours: 1448.3
review: It scratches the very specific itch of "I want to be a space ninja and bring swift death to my space enemies and kill things with space lasers and space swords. SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCEEEEE!".
game-hours: 278.7
review: Its like Zed of League of Legends 3D Mode
game-hours: 304.6
review: Fastest, most stylish 3rd-person shooter I've seen in a while, love it!
game-hours: 10.8
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 271.3
review: Great game
game-hours: 1699.7
review: Awesome game. Have played for over a year, and there is still more content coming out that I look forward to!
game-hours: 990.6
review: really good game the best F2P ive played. not complete pay to win you can farm for parts but it takes longer than buying the gun with real money
game-hours: 51.9
review: 1. Grind 2. Grind 3. ???? 4. Grind
game-hours: 85.9
review: In my opinion, the surroundings get a bit boring after a while, but Warframe is a great game with loads of potential. Warframe has a great variety of weapons and skills, there is something fitting for every playstyle. Solo-playing is just as awesome as playing with other people. I would give it 80 out of 100 points.
game-hours: 21.2
review: OMG IT DROWNED ME CUZ IM A NINJA
game-hours: 121.7
review: Warframe is alot more than a just a shooter, with CRAFTING ,ARMOR, CLASSES, ENCHANTING, RAIDS, LOOTING makes it more like an RPG on the lines of Fallout Vegas or Mass Effect.
game-hours: 347.1
review: Why you know play this game its da best.
game-hours: 11.3
review: this is awesome
game-hours: 416.9
review: Sci-fy space ninjas? What else to say.
game-hours: 9.4
review: Pecou muito no tutorial.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Ninjas in space. Enough said.
game-hours: 289.9
review: NINJAAAAS IIIIIN SPAAAAACE
game-hours: 1271.9
review: 9/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 616.2
review: One of the best free to plays on the market.
game-hours: 7.3
review: Nice game :D
game-hours: 502.1
review: A game where u play as a ninja... for freezies... do or die.
game-hours: 245.9
review: if your geting it use this link it gives you bounus stuff
game-hours: 1193.4
review: Really fun game showing great promise. Since starting it has only grown and become better. Its free too, so what is there to lose?
game-hours: 673.2
review: So much fun a great game that will keep pulling you in!
game-hours: 517.9
review: is gay
game-hours: 6.9
review: Fairly fun game, but requires alot of grinding and farming.
game-hours: 894.2
review: Warframe is a very fun group based game. It takes a while to get into but once you get a hold of it it is worth it!
game-hours: 853.8
review: This game has all the needs to become to something very different and original from other projects
game-hours: 207.7
review: if you havn't played this game yet you are missing out. it is me3 multiplayer meets ninjas, nuf said.
game-hours: 2309.2
review: Love it, a bit repetitive but they are making lots of content and release new content every wednesday. Great shooter.
game-hours: 322.2
review: Fun game to play
game-hours: 275.2
review: I have been addicted to warframe and think it is very well put together. It is constantly getting updates and new things added to keep it fun. Very good game and I reccomend it to everyone
game-hours: 445.7
review: If u like fast paced games get this game like rpg shooters get this game. This game is known to be repitive at times but theres always new content coming out Ex: Events, Guns, Equipment. This game always has you doing something.
game-hours: 480.0
review: As it says on the tin. Ninjas play free.
game-hours: 795.7
review: Its Fun!
game-hours: 8.3
review: Great game, have had a bit of trouble with it sometimes, but its still a nice game.
game-hours: 804.9
review: Great game.
game-hours: 6.1
review: This Game Is One Of The Coolest Games I've Ever Played In My Life!
game-hours: 500.0
review: Even though many people seem to think this is a P2W game, so far, I only spent money on plat to buy more item/warframe slots. Everything else I crafted myself by farming everything. Just some time investment required Only annoying fact is that P2W players don't care for loot at all during missions. Missions end too fast and my killing rates tumble down...
game-hours: 556.0
review: Great game to play with friends, lots of weapons & characters to make. Always something to due whether its farming, grinding or just being a stud.
game-hours: 793.0
review: Great Game
game-hours: 8.2
review: This game is amazing hands down, the only thing I noticed was that the cursor is a little bit slow and sometimes I click the wrong thing. Getting that aside, everything else in the game is great from what ive seen. The graphics are good, the controls are good although you might have to change some of them e.g: Crouch, I change it to C so I could reach it. Anyways getting back on topic I would definetly recommend this game to who like third person shooters. In conclusion I would rate this game 5 stars, 10/10 Great job on the game, keep it up!
game-hours: 414.3
review: SUPA GUD NUMBA WON
game-hours: 493.4
review: I've played much more then my profile says, but this game can get really repetetive. Haven't played in a while, but the devs love the community and keep adding more content. Once you get in the hang of things, you can't stop, until the game gets repetetive again and you want to play another game.
game-hours: 230.7
review: Are you kidding?! The games awesome, you can loose yourself in this one! The only thing I hate is that there's no way to earn platinum. It either has to be bought or traded for. I'm not even seeing a free give away here. Kind of frustrating, but then I can't blame you, would probably do the same thing to get back a return on my investment. And, certain blueprints are nearly impossible to find (ie, FORMA).
game-hours: 5.6
review: one of the best free games i have played
game-hours: 11.8
review: Awesome
game-hours: 74.1
review: What Destiny should have been. Mass Effect with ninjas. 9000/10
game-hours: 22.6
review: Yee
game-hours: 108.0
review: Best free game out there
game-hours: 410.4
review: DE=gods
game-hours: 402.3
review: Space Ninjas....Thanks all I'm going to say
game-hours: 110.9
review: wishing i had tried this game alot sooner. i usually see ftp and think meh but i was bored so i gave it a shot...so glad i did. tons of variety and ways to customize your character and the gun play is to notch. basically its a pve fps with upgrading via loot drops as the main goal. you may farm areas alot but for some reason it never gets old/boring. its a challenge but a fun one...give it a shot.
game-hours: 864.9
review: Amazing...Just Amazing
game-hours: 658.2
review: This game is so exiting. Even after so many hours I enjoy it, because the developers keep on improving and adding new things to it. If you havent yet tried it out. Do so!
game-hours: 1688.4
review: Quite frankly this is one of the best games I've ever played. You have highly mobile characters using amazing abilities, fighting a range of enemies. The developing company is highly engaged with the community and is continually creating new events and content. Granted this game is mostly about grinding for what you want, but it is still a solid game.
game-hours: 2649.9
review: Unforgiving for new players, unless you're willing to grind your heart out. From a long-time player standpoint, the game has made alot of progress recently, and the addition of trading has created a wierd semi-economy for the game. I advise that people not use websites that give trading prices, they are consistently incorrect. Prices change per region and time period. 10/10, Fun at a higher level, somewhat grindy early on.
game-hours: 79.0
review: I played this game for an hour (followed by more) and I loved it. It's a fun co-op game with tons of interesting stuff. It might be confusing at first, but in time, this game will show what it really has. Good, fun stuff. Also, it's free, so why not?
game-hours: 622.7
review: like everyone says, its basically ninjas in space. but instead of ninjas in space, its actually space ninjas with amnesia (the medical condition, not the game) in space
game-hours: 533.3
review: It definitely involves plenty of grinding but It's a god damn Free-to-Play game, you don't buy a cheeseburger and get surprised when there's cheese in there do you? ...that's all I got ^_^
game-hours: 2.2
review: This game is awesome, your a space ninja in space!
game-hours: 1819.1
review: FUN FUN FUN!!!!!!! GO PLAY NOWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1218.3
review: Its free give it a go. Its made by Digital Extremes, that alone is enough to play this game.
game-hours: 9.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 24.7
review: be an epic parkour space ninja and fight aliens with your friends!
game-hours: 279.7
review: This game really is AMAZING, if you are looking to find something fun, addictive, and a quick way to kill some time, then play this game. Give it 1-2 hours tops to see just how great this game truly is.
game-hours: 818.1
review: Great game best free game too play .
game-hours: 487.2
review: great co-op game.
game-hours: 519.6
review: This game is highly addicting, with the ability to unlock everything through playing the game, with no pay-to-win mechanics.
game-hours: 144.8
review: Alien ninjas with shiny weapons and armor... well there goes my weekend.
game-hours: 637.6
review: Space ninja assassian FPS that is about killin and getting loot what more do you want really.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Warframe
game-hours: 13.7
review: This game is amazing, hard to believe it's free to play tbh :D. Great fun if you want to have a shoot em up with your friends.
game-hours: 343.3
review: Warframe is a very good game, platnium currency is earnable in game by selling mods to other players. Lots of enjoyable time well spent. and who doesnt want to a be a tank on two legs, that moves like a ninja and has powers like a wizard.
game-hours: 139.6
review: If you love free running like i do then be sure to pick up this game on your way out!
game-hours: 238.0
review: Great game with constant updates and improvements. The best thing is, its FREE!!
game-hours: 92.9
review: Been playing it since CBT and before it got onto steam. Great fun at first but will get grindy near end game. The dev are working on improving the end game contents and adding new stuffs with every update so it's worth a shot and they take players' feedbacks seriously. Gameplay: 7/10 Graphics: 9/10 Sound: 5/10 Replayability: 8/10 Community: 5/10 Dev support: 10/10
game-hours: 477.9
review: The best MMO3PS to enjoy!
game-hours: 3.7
review: What more to say, it is free. This is one of those games that has a sbit of a learning curve (when it comes to the skills and ablilties) but overall, if very enjoyable. Especially with a few friends.
game-hours: 158.2
review: somehow i ust have enough farming this game good for first 30 hours, but become dull after repeat mission just to make some weapon or mod 7/10 for a action game, +1 for parktor
game-hours: 147.6
review: ing space ninjas nuff said
game-hours: 19.0
review: Remember the first trailer for Dark Sector that showed that the game was originally to take place in space and in the far future? Well Digital Extremes decided to take the concept of that early version of Dark Sector and make a completely new and free to play third person action title out of it. And so Warframe was created. You play as a member of the alien race known as the Tenno, a slight nod to the protagonist in Dark Sector, who has been summoned from the dark reaches of space to the galaxy to fight the evil Grineer who are out to take over the galaxy and also wipe out the Tenno at the same time. But you're far from helpless in your struggle, you have a special battlesuit called a Warframe, each one of them have unique abilities that can turn the tide of battle in your favor, a wide array of firearms and several types of melee weapons, all of which are powerful enough to cut an enemy apart with one single powerful swipe. And you will also be fighting alongside other Tennos in your mission to rid the galaxy of the Grineer as well as any other alien race that intend to wipe you out.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Great game and it was for free Highly reccomend it !!
game-hours: 1074.0
review: FREE MOVING STYLE FPS!!!
game-hours: 302.2
review: 10/10 too many shrek skins -IGN
game-hours: 8.3
review: Just try it out. You will love it!
game-hours: 119.0
review: This is a great game, full of different features, missions and is constantly evolving, bringing new types of mobs, warframes, guns and all sort of things. Spent a great amount of time playing it and do not intend to stop doing so
game-hours: 18.9
review: Iz Good, No?
game-hours: 337.7
review: Amazing game, new content added all the time. The new Melee system transform the game from a standard over the shoulder platform shooter to something different and unique on the market. The credit and Platinum system is definately good and allows that even if you don't decide to put money into the game, that you can aquire >95% of the inventory. Though my only concern would be the Price it is to buy platinum and the effective use out of it. 10 of platinium does not get you far, and for the new frames trying to unlock them via the free route can be time consuming at times. If you are prepared to put a little extra time in the game then everything is worth it. The community side is great and very much almost too friendly. The only things I would ask/improve it this was my own game would be more plat for you buck and the cross play the PS4 users (though both most likey not going to happen due to the natures of both cirumstances. TL:DR? Get the game, it's free and fun with mates. The game is beautiful and there far too much content in comparions to simlar free games on the market.
game-hours: 163.7
review: is awesome!
game-hours: 1273.5
review: A pretty fun game, if a horribly imbalanced and grindy one.
game-hours: 78.6
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 248.0
review: 10/10 Farming simulator 2015 has really been keeping me occupied
game-hours: 2.2
review: Good shooter. It's free.
game-hours: 74.2
review: When i downloaded Warframe, i didn't see myself playing it very much: F2P games dont tend to hold my attention for very long. Im happy to say i was wrong. The addicting mod and leveling system will have you checking your inventory after evry battle, and egerly awaiting your next chance to prove your skilles for another rank. however the game almost requires you to be in a clan, and the customization is very limited without blowing a few bucks. overall, this game is a great free to play timekiller, but be prepared to spend money if you want to play seriously.
game-hours: 414.6
review: Fantastic beyond belief for a free game. I have logged a ridiculous amount of hours and would recommend this to anyone who like space ninjas.
game-hours: 1.5
review: A fun sci-fi space ninja co-op game, much approved.
game-hours: 67.7
review: speaks for itself 10/10
game-hours: 313.9
review: #farming simulator 2012.
game-hours: 7.5
review: I love this game its so much fun. I think they should have more items to be purchased by credits not platinum!
game-hours: 25.1
review: i think this game is awsome
game-hours: 507.6
review: Disregard metascore, this is actually a good game. Refined mechanics, parkour, hitboxes, and constant updates makes this a VERY good F2P title.
game-hours: 1704.6
review: it fun
game-hours: 392.1
review: Game muito bom, recomendo a todos!!
game-hours: 45.9
review: yup best free to play game in steam ever
game-hours: 21.2
review: i love it, ive been glued to my computer for the past week
game-hours: 701.7
review: This game has unique third party Shooter/ Action RPG Elements, along with huge amounts of levels and you'll always have something to build, yes build. Making weapons and new characters (Warframes or 'Frames) costs materiala (found by doing missions) and Money (Found flipping everywhere), and this gives you a sense of satisfaction when you finish building whatever you're building. If you do get this game, my username is "agentXshadow" but people tend to just call me "agent" on Warframe. One last thing, this game is FREE! No cost, no pay2win situations the whole thing can be played without any money, but you know, developers need to eat too.
game-hours: 1.8
review: When I play Warframe,I'am like: I'am a ninja.............FROM SPACE!
game-hours: 12.5
review: OMG!! IT'S LIKE HALO AND ASSASIN'S CREED COMBINED!
game-hours: 467.5
review: Free to play. And evil with it (well, some of the design is questionable, at least). Apparently it's far less evil than the vast majority of FTP games. Which is lucky, I guess, since there's a slick, if actually slightly dumb, shooter here to overshadow that cash shop. Worth noting is the fact that random number generators feature so heavy that it's not uncommon to hear this one refered to as "warfarm" or "grindframe". It's addictive and has absolutely no respect for your time. I should hate it, but I (judging by my hours played) kinda love it.
game-hours: 274.5
review: basically parkour in space. with guns. it's really goooood.
game-hours: 13.1
review: Most fun I've had playing a shooter since COD: Modern Warfare! I love the mix between swords and guns also how you can use special abilities!
game-hours: 7.1
review: This is something awesome! Graphics are amazing, difficulty is challenging after few rounds. it's really synoptic and gameplay is smooth even when you don't have some kind of super PC. :)
game-hours: 15.6
review: This game is great if you don't mind farming for items to get better items so you're better at farming for even better items. Actually it's more fun than it sounds, and it can get kind of boring on your own. It's free, so that's great. Play with friends and you'll have a great time. But don't get it on steam, the launcher and the game is really buggy, get it on the game's website.
game-hours: 6.5
review: space ninjas with magic
game-hours: 52.1
review: its like you found that peice of venila cheese you were looking for and then you stuck it between your legs and sprouted wings and flew away on a bike to the moon
game-hours: 713.4
review: Its a great game ans really fun. its like being a pirate a ninja and a spaceman all in one!
game-hours: 85.3
review: Fun addicting and alot of elements to take into play while playing
game-hours: 355.4
review: Shooting stuff... Looting stuff... Upgrading stuff... then shooting stuff again... Yes.
game-hours: 366.7
review: Warframe is a great free to play game plenty of stuff to do and get hours of enjoyment best played with others!
game-hours: 231.9
review: Space Ninja. What else?
game-hours: 100.2
review: Fun F2P. The first couple planets are slow but once you have your first new weapon of Warframe the pacing of the game picks up. Be warned, grinding is the heart of the game. It's enjoyable but can be tedious.
game-hours: 71.5
review: Such grind. Much farm.
game-hours: 192.7
review: Coming from someone who has spent over 150$, and almost 150 hours on this game, I'd say it's amazing. While somewhat repetitive, it's best to take breaks. (And a word of advice, never trust Metacritic. Especially in this case, considering they only gave this a 66/100.) And the devs are constantly updating the game was well, which means new weapons, areas, bosses, tilesets, environments and Warframes. It's amazing, to say the least. And I wish I could put more time into it, if it weren't for my laptop breaking down and my current PC being unable to run it reliably.
game-hours: 2901.5
review: I would rec0menf this game to anyone who likes third person shooters.
game-hours: 429.3
review: If you like TPS games this is for YOU! Really smooth gameplay with increasing difficulty for each and every mission you play. It has really nice graphics aswell as a good story. This game delivers what it shows you! Sound 7/10 Graphics 8/10 Gameplay 9/10 Story 10/10 Overall 9.5/10
game-hours: 388.9
review: Yep
game-hours: 183.0
review: The most epic game i ever played!
game-hours: 62.4
review: It was very fun at the start but it got quite repetetive. I still like it except some features in the game are locked until you buy them with real money. Can't argue with that though if it's a free to play game. Fun to play with friends or just solo. 7/10
game-hours: 12.2
review: Its a fun free Steam game go and check it out! :D
game-hours: 11.6
review: i played most of my time on a ps4 so i dont have the hours to prove but if you get into the game it will take over your gaming options
game-hours: 541.4
review: Simple and fair free-to-play with decent replayabilty.
game-hours: 16.4
review: Not a bad game. 7/10 would get kicked from menu again. . .
game-hours: 355.2
review: Its a grind of a game, but its put together so well I dont mind. That and I dont feel bad for throwing a bit of money at them at all!.
game-hours: 5.1
review: If you've ever played Metal Gear Solid, it's kinda like playing as Raiden. CO-OP is fun and its a very unique game.
game-hours: 491.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 321.2
review: Well done, fun game, DE's keep it going.
game-hours: 45.5
review: Want to play a game that all you do is kill guys, rank up, progress in missions, grind for items, pvp your friends, make so called groups, and parkour. Yes this game can be rough at start so its recommended to play multiplayer or with friends. This game has alot of "canvas to be painted on" but the artist delays his masterpiece. Yes this is typical for game but this is an "issue" needed to get attention (from a beginners prospective). I would give this a 8.3/10. In my opinion, a true game needs the player to have fun all the way till the player gets burnt out to be considerd a great game. I would suggest you to try it out.
game-hours: 20.4
review: Not to fast paced, good for someone who likes shooter games but isn't very good at fast paced ones.
game-hours: 746.0
review: 10/10 would molecular prime again
game-hours: 42.2
review: pretty fun for a few hours here and there when you have someone to play with otherwise its tiring and grindy
game-hours: 24.8
review: space+ninjas=epic game
game-hours: 1055.8
review: Fun game
game-hours: 473.7
review: Best F2P
game-hours: 4.7
review: Its so awesome!!!
game-hours: 1379.3
review: If you can get past the intinal grind / get someone to give you the basic mods that you need this game is a tonne of fun. grindy but relaxing fun. most the content isnt too hard and the stuff that is can be completed with teamwork easily because the mechanics are fairly robust and allow for very good teams to go far while still being easy enough for random people to band together and do things randomly
game-hours: 51.8
review: Space ninjas
game-hours: 1197.4
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 303.3
review: Yes
game-hours: 3.1
review: Warframe is a good game, the gameplay is very good and it cost nothing
game-hours: 3.1
review: Warframe is a good game, the gameplay is very good and it cost nothing
game-hours: 9.8
review: I really didn't expect to have as much fun with Warframe as I am now when I first saw it. The game's setting and style wasn't much my type of game, but after playing it for a few hours I can appreciate just how beautiful and fun it really is. Warframe is an extremely polished game, with plenty of customization, and many ways to play. It even has cool features such as a Solo mode that you can play offline! A lot of the game's customization lies behind either pay walls, or you can spend in game money to get blueprints and then grind for materials to be able to get the different characters and weapons. It also encourages you to join a clan for various benefits in new weapon types as well as more customization fun with the ability to design your dojo. I would definitely recommend this for people desiring a fun and quick Co-Op experience and who don't mind slow level progression.
game-hours: 697.7
review: OH YISS
game-hours: 604.4
review: Warframe is amazing the development team aswell are amazing people and hardworkers always pushing new updates out.
game-hours: 1319.2
review: A fun game. Satisfying gunplay and melee systems, with some powers thrown in for fun. Small updates almost every week, with larger updates taking longer. If you want to keep it free like I did, there's quite a grind to get items that are easily accessible through money.
game-hours: 1129.0
review: This game is epic as f***. That is all.
game-hours: 1571.8
review: the Game is really good Digital Extreme is making an amazing game 1400h played and still going
game-hours: 289.8
review: SPACE NINJAS
game-hours: 7.7
review: its fun really fun, but every thing there is to buy you have to pay to get the credits for it.
game-hours: 263.8
review: Love the game! Over 200 hours played. Such fun, much grinding, wow!
game-hours: 635.2
review: I've played for a while now, and I must say for a f2p game its awesome. Yes there is a pay option and ingame store, however there is nothing game changing that you can buy in the store that you can't get by playing. Yes there's some xp/credit bosters and appearance items but anything that actually changes game play you can get through playing. In fact some of the best (Prime) stuff can only be gained through playing. Gameplay is reminicant of the jedi outcast/academy. Third person shooter/melee with acrobatic elements. Solo players may have issues and without friends the game is VERY VERY grindy. Multiplayer, the community for the most part is full of decent people but in missions an epidemic of "I'm gonna get mine" and kill count padding can make PUGs (pick up groups) very disheartening through mission failures and lack of revives. However if you get into a good group or clan you can bypass those issues. Balance, the frames are all specialized in some form or another, Rhino is a tank based frame high armor and the ability to coat himself in a temorary armor shell that negates all damage, Loki is a tactical based frame less at home in the midsts of combat more at home in the shadows, Nova is a nuker, etc etc. In general the frames are well balanced and no one frame is a god frame. Updates, DE is very active in putting out fixes and updates. They are committed to making sure the game works. Ultimately for a free game i'd say go for it if you're in to Third person shooters, the biggest thing for me is the lack of a pvp focus. yes there is pvp but the game isn't focused on pvp.
game-hours: 565.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 184.5
review: God damn pirate ninjas in space?!?!?!?? Sign me up!
game-hours: 97.8
review: Space Ninjas !!
game-hours: 239.1
review: This game is fairly simple in appearance but complex enough to keep you coming back. It has a little bit of everything, rpg elements, fps, hack-n-slash, collecting, crafting and even pets! I mean seriously a little bit of every thing. That being said it can get grindy, but you can take a break and come back weeks later and pick it right up.
game-hours: 307.0
review: Bit grindy, but fun.
game-hours: 1245.7
review: This game has to be one of my favorites, due to the constant updates, immersive gameplay, and endless hours of content. 9/10
game-hours: 7.0
review: Because warframe.
game-hours: 478.5
review: All time favorite game so far. I love how you could play a hundred missions in a row and still not get bored. The craving for better weapons gets the best of you and you keep playing and playing and playing till you drop. Amazing graphics with fun gameplay makes this game my favorite so far. Keep up the good work DE. Oh and the best part about it is: It's free. All of it. You could unlock everything in the game for free given you were motivated enough. Highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 181.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 673.2
review: So much fun a great game that will keep pulling you in!
game-hours: 517.9
review: is gay
game-hours: 6.9
review: Fairly fun game, but requires alot of grinding and farming.
game-hours: 894.2
review: Warframe is a very fun group based game. It takes a while to get into but once you get a hold of it it is worth it!
game-hours: 853.8
review: This game has all the needs to become to something very different and original from other projects
game-hours: 207.7
review: if you havn't played this game yet you are missing out. it is me3 multiplayer meets ninjas, nuf said.
game-hours: 2309.2
review: Love it, a bit repetitive but they are making lots of content and release new content every wednesday. Great shooter.
game-hours: 322.2
review: Fun game to play
game-hours: 275.2
review: I have been addicted to warframe and think it is very well put together. It is constantly getting updates and new things added to keep it fun. Very good game and I reccomend it to everyone
game-hours: 597.5
review: Warframe is a gem. It is free to play, and the only things that are not available for free players are cosmetic items like skins. Warframe is a coop action game featuring robot ninjas with space magic. High quality textures and animations for a free to play game still in beta (although it is in the later stages of said beta) The update 11 damage rework has revamped the game as well, so if you are totally new to it, give it a go, iits free. For those of you who might have played once or twice, give it another shot, a lot has changed for the better.
game-hours: 21.2
review: So far the best free-to-play PC game I've ever played, surpassing even TF2. Cool, complex, concepts and near-endless possiblities in tactical, strategic, and powerful combat options create an experience I don't believe you would find anywhere else. 10/10 Good times, best times
game-hours: 224.5
review: 10/10 Would cut all my enemies in half with ninja space magic again.
game-hours: 515.6
review: Probably the best in F2P shooters.
game-hours: 291.1
review: Cyborg gun-fu ninjas in space. WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT!?
game-hours: 509.0
review: Fun time sync with amazing graphics and excellent mechanics. Worth a try if you like space...and NINJAS!
game-hours: 1314.5
review: I like it
game-hours: 1242.0
review: Best hack and slash game at the date hands down. The soundtrack needs polishing, but the gameplay, the bosses, the ambience, the weapons and everything is just perfect. It creates not only strong teamplay but also offers the best weapon and loadout customization i've ever seen in a MMO. I don't regret a single hour i've spent playing this game, and it still is a LOT of fun, always hyped about new updates and incoming stuff! Also, DE (Digital Extremes), it's developers, are literally AWESOME. All they do is get closer to fans every day, do streams with some cool gameplay, awesome mechanics, rewards, about what they are doing and what they plan to do, etcetera. I would really appreciate some lore, as everyone else, but that's not what you come looking for at a third person shooter-ish game, mostly with all the extra stuff it has. Rock solid 9/10 considering flaws and trying to be as objective as possible, comparing with other online and non online actual games.
game-hours: 65.1
review: this game was tricky to figure out but once you get around the UI its an AWESOME game
game-hours: 620.7
review: This game is surprisingly addictive, and it's pretty incredible the amount of content you get for free. You can play as a number of different Warframes and build so many items. Lots of mods allow you to enhance your build even further, such as being able to add elemental damage to weapons. Overall, a great game to play with friends or online!
game-hours: 259.6
review: Grind/10 Volt+Speed+Fury+other speed =pretty fun game though.
game-hours: 136.3
review: i recommend this game cause its fun and addicting and ninjas play for free lol
game-hours: 764.4
review: It's an MMOTPS and is mostly PVE coop with teams of up to 4 people. You pretty much play as a species of Super Space Ninja's called Tenno and go into different space stations and planets to f**k  up. Lot's of action, kind of like a shoot-em-up at points. You have abilities, weapons, and a lot of customization options. It's in Open Beta at the moment, so there are a couple kinks here and there. It's a graphically demanding game, though, so computers with low specs are going to have a little trouble. If you can run League or any popular MMOs you shouldn't have an issue. Truly a god among games.
game-hours: 3.9
review: Great F2P game with lots of depth, customization options and missions.
game-hours: 48.0
review: A bunch of ninja robot's kicking . Best free to play game besides TF2. 10/10
game-hours: 120.5
review: Fun, but dat grind doh
game-hours: 625.8
review: Awesome Game, worth a play.
game-hours: 2.2
review: This game sucks donkey balls in my opinion
game-hours: 410.4
review: DE=gods
game-hours: 402.3
review: Space Ninjas....Thanks all I'm going to say
game-hours: 3.6
review: nice
game-hours: 390.0
review: totaly addictive gameplay, awesome co-op and loads of ways to mod your warframe and weapons plus usefull login bonus for every day, everyone should try this
game-hours: 834.3
review: Good game, plenty of fun and things to do. Though light on the in game content, still very enjoyable.
game-hours: 6.9
review: Yes very cool game!play lot of time!
game-hours: 199.1
review: Fun to play with 3 other buddies!!@!!
game-hours: 179.9
review: Great game, with amazing details and adictive.
game-hours: 735.0
review: Not a bad game killing time, lots of events and updates, good for both people who dont usually have lots of free time and people who is hardcore on gaming!
game-hours: 363.4
review: You can be a space ninja. What more do you want me to say? 10/10
game-hours: 1173.6
review: its a great game, but it suffers the fate of RNG problems and grinding that many other games suffer from......
game-hours: 511.5
review: salad v pls
game-hours: 1218.3
review: Its free give it a go. Its made by Digital Extremes, that alone is enough to play this game.
game-hours: 9.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 97.8
review: This Game has changed the way i look at third person shooters. i love the constant additions and improvements as well as quests given by the generous amount of updates and i hope to see this game get even bigger in the future.
game-hours: 0.7
review: PRETTY GPPD BUT ;OW FPS
game-hours: 5.3
review: This game is essentially Ninja Gaiden mixed with Mass Effect without the storyline from either. Fun to get with your friends and chew through a bunch of grinding quests, but other than that it's pretty limited. Looks pretty too, which is nice.
game-hours: 31.2
review: I think this game is a step into the future. This is a gateway game. If you are new to the steam community,i really think you should play this. A futuristic ninja game......ITS BRILIANT! There should be more games just as great as this one. My first 10 minutes of this game was the greatest 10 minutes i've ever had. If you love fast paced ninja stealth games,you will love this.
game-hours: 2.5
review: This game is fun. I like free and I like good graphics. 10/10. Would play again.
game-hours: 257.2
review: its awesome
game-hours: 62.9
review: This is a good game if you want some ninja skills and abilities mixed with a splinter cell type game!
game-hours: 66.0
review: So far I had a great time with Warframe. I did two missions. I can't wait to put more hours in and see what mission i get next. This game is wild and seriously sci-fi. I had a great time. Repetetive but super fun! I am having such a good time with the beautiful graphics. I hear you can craft anything later so money does not need to be spent. I picked a bo staff in the beginning and I wish I picked a machine gun but oh well it was fun anyway! It payed very well on my mac dual boot with windows 8.2. Beautiful Graphic and Smooth grinding and lots of cool effect like I can run across walls. So far I can see myself playing for hours on end. Can't wait to play again tomorrow!
game-hours: 16.8
review: good game
game-hours: 10.7
review: it's good
game-hours: 2078.7
review: WTB> Loki Helmet 15p, Loki Chassis 10p, Loki System 10p couple of hours later... WTS>> LOKI PRIME SET ONLY FOR 150Plats!!! GRAB IT NOW, FASTTT!!! full-time merchant, part-time ninja. 11/10 will flip again
game-hours: 98.2
review: This game is realistic and awesome. My favourite.
game-hours: 71.6
review: good game
game-hours: 34.5
review: Trinity is waifu material / 10
game-hours: 831.3
review: Absolutely amazing game - suffers from somewhat lack end-game content that can reduce the game to a grindfest, but can easily get you 80+ hours of gameplay without feeling repetetive.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Its Fun! :D
game-hours: 311.8
review: One of the the best f2p games and my favourite so far
game-hours: 429.6
review: Free Multiplayer, still in development so a lot of things get changed and you get to be part of the process. In the beginning opportunities where kinda limited but the game has gotten a lot of great features. Missions are medium long so you can very flexibly decide how long you want to play. I recommend an alarm-app for the mission-alarms that give you extra items or credits. You may help yourself to more warframes or weapons with a little platinum, which is the currency you exchange for many, however, you dont NEED to! But I and my friends all invested some money into the game. I think thats still fair because i would have payed the same amount in store for a game i would play that much.
game-hours: 0.9
review: TOO BAD YOU CANT LINK YOUR PS4 ACCOUNT TO PC. I HAD A LOT OF STUFF ON THERE
game-hours: 510.7
review: Game is amazing nothing i dislike about it. 5 stars.
game-hours: 844.2
review: Very fun, Its a bit of a grind but killing hordes of Enemy's with cool guns and powers make up for it IMO
game-hours: 73.3
review: This game is very big and requires dozens of hours to complete,even tough the quests are repetitive ,the combat and movement style of these game will make you think on many solutions to best your enemies and graphical content are superb.
game-hours: 10.1
review: It is a pretty awesome game. Must say, it blew my mind. But the only bad part is that you need a very smooth computer to play it. Lag is dangerous for a game like that.
game-hours: 3.9
review: Although I've never played Warframe on PC I played hundreds of hours on the PS4 (I hope theres no real differnce) and I must say for a free game Warframe is amazing you will spend countless hours even alone on this game something this game did very well was how many things you can do you can work on making a Warframe, Weapon, something for the clan, etc. All in all this is my first review so its  and short but at least I tried
game-hours: 246.8
review: So, you're a Space Ninja armed with a gun/bow/grenade launcher/weird alien tech weapon and a sword/hammer/fists/mace and wielding crazy powers to destroy/stun/confuse/decimate your enemies? Why have I never heard of this game before??? Seriously, this game is phenomenal, the graphics are amazing, the weapons are fun, the powers are cool, the Dev's are constantly fixing and improving the experience, I cannot find a fault with this FREE game! I don't have a lot of time to play games, but Warframe doesn't require that much dedication to enjoy it at all. The action is fast-paced, the plot is light, the requirements are minimal, the game is ever-evolving giving you new things to do, the tech options (in the form of Mod Cards) are immense. I HIGHLY recommend everyone to try it! What have you got to lose? It's FREE!!!
game-hours: 263.9
review: play this
game-hours: 143.8
review: awesome fastpaced 3rd person shooter also ............ninja play free.
game-hours: 4.2
review: gdgd
game-hours: 122.7
review: Cool free-2-play game
game-hours: 160.0
review: 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 3.9
review: Fun until you realise that there are many potatos to choose from and the game wants your platinum.
game-hours: 128.7
review: Warframe is a free-to-play shooter with, basically, exo-skeleton soldiers that have different powers and abilities. At heart, the game is as shooter as any other game you'd play on the market, but, throw in the unique powers with each warframe, the customizablilty of the guns and gear with their 'mod' system, the diverse spectrum of weapons, unique movement system... and a free tag on it? You can't beat it, for what you're paying. There is a cash shop that you can use, which supports the game's funding, via platnium that you can buy in packages. In some cases, you can pay-to-win the game to death, buying everything in the store with real-life cash, if you wanted. However, that takes all the fun out of the game, considering half the fun of it is gathering the pieces and materials to create something new and impressive that you've worked for. And constant, free updates? You can't beat that. All in all, a really great game that I'd totally recommend you pick up, even if you're not a huge fan of shooters.
game-hours: 170.7
review: One of the first things i noticed in-game, was the striking similarities between the look of the warframe and that of Eva 01. that counts for a big deal in my book, i'll keep playing this one ;)
game-hours: 173.3
review: Awesome! 2 thumbs up!
game-hours: 41.5
review: If you like Space Ninja 4-player co-op then this is the game for you! Getting platinum is kinda bogus seeing how expensive it is, so just save up your credits and just look for blueprints and parts. Each Warframe is unique in it's own way and you can either buy it for a stupidly large price or save up a bunch of credits and scout around the solar system looking for parts and other junk. It's also really fun and fast paced. 9/10- Have fun!
game-hours: 115.4
review: good but repect
game-hours: 103.8
review: Good game very fun.
game-hours: 1071.0
review: i have no life now
game-hours: 740.2
review: I have played this game for WAY too long but am still enjoying the game. although missions can be repetitive and a little grindy playing with friends really make the game a WHOLE lot more fun.
game-hours: 418.1
review: Awesome free to play game. A lot of weapons and Warframe combo possibility.
game-hours: 45.0
review: Great Game(Need Badge)
game-hours: 150.2
review: This looks and plays far better than a free game has any right to be. All the designs for players and enemies alike are absolutly FANTASTIC with a very organic look and feel to them that I've not seen in a sci-fi setting before which really adds a unique look and feel to the game. It's sort of repettitive but the randomly generated maps and solid gameplay make it fun to play never the less, and you can easily spend just 10 minutes on a game or 8 hours. They support this game with regular updates so there's always something new. Even though it runs off of micro-transactions it's not so much a "Pay to Win" game as you can unlock and build most of the weapons and warframes just by playing the game. I feel it's more fun and rewarding to build it yourself instead of buying it, but I tossed them $5 because I figure this game has given me at least 5 dollars worth of fun :P
game-hours: 276.2
review: Great game, can get a little boring sometimes however the overall quality of the game is amazing, I recommend this a lot!
game-hours: 304.9
review: Do you like space? Do you like Ninjas? Then go play this beast of a 3'rd person (over the shoulders) Space Ninja game: Includes platforming, wall running, jumpkicks, floor sliding, guns and levels for your Ninjas: Go kick some !
game-hours: 810.0
review: Good game; Great replayability. Constant updates. Lots of time wasted
game-hours: 10.7
review: This Game is sooooooo awesome!!!!
game-hours: 315.5
review: Great game. Can get repetitive at times however. Business model as F2P game is fair but hard.
game-hours: 243.0
review: what surprised me about this game is that you don't need a realy good machine to run it with good graphics. there are many different tipes of missions and you can move and jump around in many different and awesome ways if you take the time to learn more complex controls, like sliding and jumping with a flip then running in a wall in a single fluid motion.
game-hours: 127.6
review: Very fun game lots of content and tons of constant updates. They also stay connected with the community and their ideas. :D
game-hours: 6.3
review: I love this game, the mechanics are truly beautiful and amazing, and I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time. There are two bad things about this game though: 1. It takes absolutely FOREVER to unlock new weapons because you have to get materials that are a long ways away from you. I don't know, I just feel like it takes too long. 2. I can't find anyone to help me with the current missions that I am stuck on and I can't pass the current stage alone, so if more people played this amazing game then that problem would be eliminated.
game-hours: 78.4
review: Awesome game! Wish there were more free features though :/
game-hours: 7.8
review: Awesome game! It's so fun.. and there's no "boring beginning"! I love it.
game-hours: 495.8
review: Nice game!!
game-hours: 148.1
review: Free, online warfare in space and on land between several diffent factions...what more could you want?
game-hours: 169.3
review: Great Game! So much to do! A little hard to earn orokin catalysts and reactors but oh well! Would Recommend this game to all!
game-hours: 473.3
review: viciante
game-hours: 3.3
review: play this game on the ps4 its heaps fun high reommend it :)
game-hours: 579.0
review: Epic FTP that for some reason is still called a beta, not really sure why, its feeling pretty polished to me.
game-hours: 450.4
review: really great game and nice to play with either friends or solo. in fact i enjoyed competing with my friend on who gets the most kills in a mission. Also nice mechanics on boss fights, earlier bosses are easier to solo for new players. As far as missions go they are a little repetitive but i still enjoyed the headshots each and every time.
game-hours: 99.0
review: Best grindfest I've ever played tbh.
game-hours: 293.3
review: A very good hack and slash action RPG that deserves better from what was mentioned at the gameing press. All in all, I find the in-depth game machanics and multitudinous customization to be most enjoyable. Recommended.
game-hours: 28.1
review: You are a ninja in space shooting and slashing up full metal jacket soldiers and zombie aliens. There is also special powers you can have for each warframe (armor) you wear. You first choose between three of them, a female warframe, a male warframe, and just an overall badass warframe called excalibur. The powers can be from explosions to a higher then normal jump. I think this is obviusly one of the best F2P FPS games there is. The sentence for this game is.......SPACE NINJA FREERUNNING FULL METALL GUNSLINGERS! 7 out of 10 playing solo, and 10 out of 10 playing with a/your friend(s)!
game-hours: 8.9
review: It's free.
game-hours: 171.2
review: I cannot praise this game high enough.... Welll maybe if i wasn't busy playing it! Space ninjas for the win!
game-hours: 248.8
review: AWESOME AS
game-hours: 154.6
review: Great visuals, runs well on modest computer builds, and yes; its based on grinding.
game-hours: 1042.4
review: This game is really fun, has a lot of content. A bit grindy, though. Updated almost every week.
game-hours: 1291.4
review: Sehr empfehlenswert, sicherlich eines der besten Free-To-Play Spiele auf dem Markt!
game-hours: 150.5
review: A free MMO about space ninjas. A bit grindy at times but it usually doesn't feel like you're grinding. All the cash shop exclusive items are cosmetic only, you can buy weapons through the $hop but you can also make them yourself. A really fun game that's still seeing significant improvement even though it has been soft launched (AKA completely open beta for as long as is needed)
game-hours: 23.7
review: Given the cost of entry, Warframe's well worth a try if you're in the mood for something different. It has a great mix of Shooter/Melee type offense. Whenever I play this game I feel like a ninja. This game is in alpha so it will have it's issues; but, overall it's a free fun game why not give it a try?
game-hours: 82.3
review: This game makes me so angry. 10/10. would recommend
game-hours: 6.2
review: yes fun game. really worth it considering it is free to play
game-hours: 110.0
review: Pretty slick 3rd person shooter. Definitely worth the money ;P, but the grind is a bit much for me, but might be right for you. I really enjoyed leveling up my first "mech"/warframe, and I enjoyed leveling up my next one, but after that man it was like realzzzzzz
game-hours: 232.6
review: Even if it is a bit of a grind, it is so much fun after the initial hour or two
game-hours: 39.6
review: Game is constant grinding right after beating Venus. Repetitive gameplay and PvP is broken beyond repair. 9/10 I don't know why its so fun.
game-hours: 308.6
review: Its awesome. whats not to like about space ninjas/samurai
game-hours: 232.2
review: Very great visuals for a start. The gameplay is awesome as well. Try it if you have the time.
game-hours: 29.4
review: Exelent... Just that.
game-hours: 843.4
review: ADDICTING
game-hours: 4.0
review: Hack slash and shoot, what more can you ask for?
game-hours: 203.6
review: best F2P game EVER!
game-hours: 1245.5
review: The only game I still play. Overly attached to it now. Just like with Halo.
game-hours: 250.0
review: The hours you put in can come out by buying items and selling them for more money
game-hours: 80.7
review: This is an awesome first person hack and slash type game.
game-hours: 712.7
review: What have I been doing with me life?
game-hours: 67.0
review: Pretty dope
game-hours: 335.8
review: Great game, amazing graphic's (like everything on PC should have) insane gameplay (parkour it out) awesome weapons(mainly the bow) and i love the design and over-all flow of the game
game-hours: 15.9
review: good game. fun.
game-hours: 1602.9
review: 10+
game-hours: 304.5
review: So many things to collect... So many ways to play... Wish I could resume after getting disconnected.
game-hours: 244.1
review: Very fun but it takes some getting used to.
game-hours: 305.3
review: Fast Paced co-op shoooter, with a fantastic community, awesome weapons, and melee or gun-fu. What more could you want other than naked sexy people?
game-hours: 257.2
review: It's fun for a while, then the endless grinding eventually wears on you. May revisit it again after some time away. Being as it's free to play, i would recommend it, especially if you know others that will play with as well.
game-hours: 548.6
review: this game is very addictive and fun to play
game-hours: 445.9
review: Space ninjas. How much more indepth do I need to go? Ton of weapons, massive waves of enemies, nearly endless customization possiblities, robots, infected, and soldiers that look like a disturbing love children of humans and gyroscopes. Warframe can either make you feel like an all powerful space ninja badass or a quivering 10 year old girl about to be eaten by Walkers, blasted into a million pieces, or diced into sashimi. Don't forget the pissed off companion cube of Deth.
game-hours: 201.7
review: gameplay: throughly enjoyable with numerous weapons although it can be a grind story: stale graohics: very pleasing great level design
game-hours: 2413.0
review: The game itself is troubled with innate networking issues and other bugs (it certainly feels like a beta at these points even after years) but overall looks and feels more polished than many big titles out there. The mechanics, movement, control, fighting, menus, everything is fluid. It's main problem is that it's a real grinding game with a usually punishing RNG god watching over it. You can be lucky, sure but most of the time you have to repeat everything again and again and again to get something you want. This wouldn't be so if not for the AI that is like of lemmings, fights are repetitive after a while, especially when you fight against the same enemies on the same map. As a free to play game one of the biggest points of interest is the real-money economy. Thankfully Warframe allows everything useful to be purchased or earned within game without the use of it's real-money currency, Platinum and only slots and vanity stuff (like colors) remain as plat only items. Even those can be gained through events (like when you get a weapon as reward you get a slot with it or on Easter you can purchase an easter color palette for 1 ingame credit, no plat) and even provides coupons as daily rewards if you are lucky. So this part is something that other Free-to-play games could really learn from. So overall the game could use a bit more bug-fixing and creativity but otherwise it's a very good game, arguably the best constructed free-to-play game out there.
game-hours: 136.8
review: Space ninjas an' shiz
game-hours: 418.9
review: Good nice game with pretty cool graphic for an online free-game variety of playable frames, weapons, and upgrades. APPROVED!!
game-hours: 232.6
review: ok
game-hours: 474.4
review: Very nice!!
game-hours: 900.2
review: A 3rd person shooter unlike any other
game-hours: 2.0
review: Awesome Players VS Horde mode monsters gameplay! And its free. The guns and weapons feel amazing, it looks really good. Just don't put too much time towards a grind because it can get pretty boring with solo play. If you really love the ninja theme and horde coop gameplay (With a good crafting and equipment system) then give this a try.
game-hours: 9.1
review: Good Game :)
game-hours: 600.5
review: This game is great if you like wave-style combat missions. While there are bugs this game is in a growing delevopement stage and is worth sticking around to see the outcomes. The Devs are always hard at work trying to make a new and positive experience for all players old or new and have a good sense of humor and takes into account GOOD community feedback. Combat has gotten a big improvement with the new melee system and brings a better flow to the whole "space ninja" experience. The warframes have become numerous enough now that there should be no probles finding what frame is best for you. All in all i say this game is worth the download, i mean it's free so if you don't like you can always reclaim that hard drive space! I recommend this to anyone that loves ninjas!
game-hours: 21.1
review: Great game. just lots of fun
game-hours: 378.7
review: BEST GAME EVVVVAAAAA!!!
game-hours: 242.5
review: If you have a couple of friends to play this game with you will lose countless hours.
game-hours: 23.9
review: This game is pretty good.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Super fast, very fun to play :)
game-hours: 16.7
review: Fun game to play with friends! I like to think of it like Halo on steroids!
game-hours: 1485.4
review: Headshot totalitarian space grunts with your foot. 9.5/10 would recommend
game-hours: 1475.8
review: Amazing, action-packed gameplay. It is free to play, and it's easy to clock several hours worth of fun doing so, but enjoying the game to its full potential will require forking out some cash. Unfortunately, things are slightly overpriced and tends to put people off, especially when new players find out that they're going to have to purchase slots with platinum. Of course, this only applies to those who do not want to farm for rare modules and sell them to others for platinum. If you do enjoy the game and want to progress further, support it by paying a little. I do however, feel that a couple more slots should be provided for free. Other than that, it isn't easy to hate on this game. When it comes down to it, this game is pretty damn awesome, and I simply cannot recommend it enough. TL;DR: 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 16.2
review: fun game love shooting the corpus scum haha
game-hours: 704.8
review: Even though, it's a F2P, Warframe sure does a good job on the gameplay and graphic. It might not fit your style, but it wouldn't hurt to give it a try.
game-hours: 375.8
review: third person parkour level based stealth game, fun and replayable
game-hours: 14.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 401.3
review: A worthwhile F2P game. Updates and new functions are always coming, too!
game-hours: 143.3
review: Archwing is great. Reminds me of Z.O.E.
game-hours: 307.7
review: FUUUUUUUNNNN ONLY IF YOUR COMPUTER CAN HANDLE THO!
game-hours: 43.1
review: great game and by far favourite free to play game with fun fast paced combat
game-hours: 38.4
review: One of the best free to play online shooters ive seen so far graphics are great you dont have to pay yea it helps if you do but you can still build the stuff missions are fun i like everything about it
game-hours: 213.6
review: A good farming game to kill time.
game-hours: 92.9
review: Cool gameplay. Wallrunning, killing enemies while sliding etc. Stylish visuals.
game-hours: 127.6
review: My character has a wind-up key on his back, shiny gold skin, and a large attachment. Recommended.
game-hours: 86.7
review: Pris hea
game-hours: 5.2
review: I will ing recommend this game for awesome purposes.
game-hours: 2.4
review: ow my freaking god
game-hours: 4.0
review: insanely amazing well built cant wait to see what comes in the next few years
game-hours: 2.0
review: Fun game, you should play it.
game-hours: 280.1
review: its a great game if you can ignore the bugs.
game-hours: 270.7
review: Hello there everybody, my name is Norace Pid and I will be your reccomender. This game is sex, not the rough kind, the gentle. But not too gentle, like...like you are in a rush but you want to do this right so you bite your lip and hold on a few more minutes, but then you realize it's been an hour and you haven't even showered yet. You're going to be late, and this  kept you there too long! You strike her hard, what kind of twisted turn of events led from passionate love to bruises and beatings? Warframe did. Get it today.
game-hours: 178.9
review: one question.. do you wanna build a snowman? well then you are in luck my friend because there is a warframe for just that purpose (well not exactly but hey snow globes are the next best thing) in fact there are several other warfreames with different abilities to choose from. Have you ever wanted to bring back the dead? well my friend you are once again in luck! all i can say is if you wanna feel like a boss you have to play this game.
game-hours: 6.2
review: Gotta scan'em all and get some space potatoes
game-hours: 259.3
review: Want to have a  while a kitten licks your face and a ninja dose awsome stuff? Well the ninja part has a big presence here so i say play it!
game-hours: 6.4
review: kind of addictive
game-hours: 48.8
review: it is a fun game to play with people,and if you want a challange solo
game-hours: 11.1
review: Awesome parcor,Ninja's play free.
game-hours: 21.3
review: Cool shooter but borring after a while
game-hours: 727.6
review: This Game Is Really Cool
game-hours: 382.5
review: Where to start, this game is amazing. who dosen't love futuristic ninjas with a large asortment of weaponry and warframes. you (and your sqaud if you chose) are a thought to be a long extinct race called the Tenno. you (and your squad) are sent on challenging missions such as raid, capture, assassination and more. with unique maps and randomly generated scenarios, this game is hard to beat comparied to the other free to play games. it plays well and it is well polished. its flaws are the currency for ingame money called "Platinum", $5.00 = 75 Platinum in which a warframe cost 375 Platinum (depending on the warframe). another flaw is the building system, you go all over the solar system collecting various resurces and materials to build weapons, warframes, ect. but the warframes require a S**T ton of material and some of them you cannot get in one go. you may have the bluprints for the warframe ect. but you nedd to work for it. once you have all of the materials you can build the warfraem, weapon, ect. but it will take 12hrs for weapons, warframe parts 24hrs, warframes them selves will take 3days. but, this game's goods over shadow the bads with F-U-N. so if you like space ninjas, badass weapons, cool looking warframes with unique powers this is for you. (9.3/10)
game-hours: 8.6
review: AWesome!
game-hours: 170.0
review: Warframe Review: The game is fun. Being able to run on walls and wall jump and do all sorts of ninja moves is very enjoyable. All the warframes do feel different and there are enough weapons and frames for people to find the one that suits their play style. This also ends up being the downfall of the game. Every weapon and frame in the game can be bought with platinum (paid currency) or credits (currency earned in-game). If bought with platinum you get the weapon or frame instantly ready to use. If you use credits however you recieve a blue print and you then have to collect the resources to craft the weapon or frame. This isn't too bad for the weapons but the frames are very tedious to make as they require 3 pieces that are made from 3 other blueprints that cannot be purchased. Expect grinding to craft your weapons and frames and expect more to level them up as well. The game does feature a daily rewards system that might reward you with a discount on platinum of up to 75% off. You can't get platinum by playing but this feature is better than nothing. Playing online can be an issue as well. Servers tend to have high bandwith. The game is set to make the person with the best internet connection the host but it doesn't guarentee anything. Overall the game is entertaining and fun but is still plagued by some Free-to-Play problems. The game is best played with friends as it will provide you with better servers and you might be able to stay sain during grinding. I can't explain it but despite the issues, I keep going back for more with this game. Despite the flaws I keep coming back every now and then and I always enjoy my time. Score: 6.7/10
game-hours: 190.7
review: Warframe is the single most fun I've had wasting all of my time.
game-hours: 420.6
review: The best free to play game i have ever tried it is amazing, if your looking for a free game to play and bored definetly give warframe a try.
game-hours: 33.4
review: A fast-paced third-person cooperative shooter with light RPG elements, with Ninjas in robotic suits fighting evil factions across the galaxy. If that doesn't make you play this game, as it's free as long as you stick to using credits instead of Platinum ( to purchase things immediately) then I don't know what will. The only down side to Warframe is the AI is poor (sometimes they would see me and then run behind boxes ignoring me and my teamates until I attacked them) and although the game randomly generates environments (enemy ships and sometimes planets surfaces) it most of the time just makes you feel like you are playing a level that you completed earlier, with slightly different tweaks. But don't let those flaws prevent you from play this awesome, awesome game.
game-hours: 30.0
review: this game is actually light on microtransactions, really fun. it's worth trying, and you only have your time to lose. and we all have plenty of that, right?
game-hours: 51.1
review: Just your casual futuristic hack'n'slash, ninja, third person shooting RPG....
game-hours: 191.6
review: I would have to say that this is my favorite FTP of all time. Next to no lag, there are always updates with new content, and an emersive clan "dojo" feature where you can help your friends built a clan house however you choose. 9/10
game-hours: 223.8
review: If your a fan of FPS then youll enjoy this game. The options are almost endless, ok maybe not endless but there is alot of choices. Between the look of your frame and weapons to what you attach to said frame and weapons its just amazing. Granted at first it takes some getting use too but if you give it time and just play the game and take stuff in I am sure youll enjoy it.
game-hours: 1.2
review: amzing game
game-hours: 41.4
review: great game
game-hours: 15.4
review: its a really fun game and it gets you in the mood
game-hours: 38.4
review: :)
game-hours: 21.9
review: very very good games
game-hours: 39.4
review: Pretty fun.
game-hours: 40.6
review: great game plus its free to play!!!
game-hours: 126.3
review: it is a swell game
game-hours: 175.0
review: Warframe, a great game with an interesting ancient Japanese theme. Play in 3rd person using a mix of gunplay and old style weapons like swords and Kunai to war between 4 factions! Corpus, Grineer, Infested, and the Tenno (you). Update 13 gave us Melee 2.0 greatly improving the swordplay and making this something really worth revisiting if you haven't seen the new system.
game-hours: 5.1
review: Warframe is a great game for someone looking for a free title that doesn't force you to spend real money. Awesome fast action and if you have friends to play with it's even better.
game-hours: 45.7
review: If they had niples this game would be rated MA
game-hours: 289.3
review: SUPER SPACE ALIEN NINJAS WITH GUNS KILLING STUFF.
game-hours: 1459.9
review: Having so much fun with this game.
game-hours: 19.3
review: Warframe is a game that looks great, has some amazing gun play, and some amazing parkour. What I hate about this game is the amount of microtransactions put into it in order to make you pay to customize anything you have.
game-hours: 8.0
review: katanas...... 10/10
game-hours: 17.5
review: This game is one of the most awesome Co-Op game that ive ever played, its just freaking amazing and the fact that its Free To Play makes it even better.
game-hours: 20.6
review: yeah
game-hours: 43.9
review: This was a great game if you like farming for better stuff. its basically hack/slash with good graphics. Just kill spend get better stuff. Rinse Repeat.
game-hours: 420.5
review: Much fun. Such Ninja. Very Actiony. RPG! 10/11
game-hours: 12.2
review: Its awesome i recomend it play it !!
game-hours: 45.6
review: ING AWSOME AND KICKASS
game-hours: 714.8
review: Played a long time and its fun with friends but play alone its really not play able so try it and see how awesome this game is.
game-hours: 66.8
review: Gameplay is great fun. The grinding for new warframes, not so much. Luckily, the in-game real world cash market isn't as invasive as some other games. Almost everything can be purchased with credits. Colors, aesthetic changes, and a few early unlocks can be purchased at a USD price. Otherwise, the game is fun and has a lot of playability.
game-hours: 2.2
review: I recommend this game as a time waster. Look at all the negative reviews first of all. Do you see how much time they've all spent playing this game and they gave it a dont recommend.I just started playing and the first 5 games i played were tons of fun with people. If you play this alone however it gets very lonely and that gun of yours looks really friendly. All jokes aside its a fun game at first then you'll be bored to hell is what i'm guessing because there are people with 2.000 hours on record that play this game and give it a negative review. I will say that this is mostly pay to win from the get go because most if not all items in the shop need platinum to buy, but that really doesnt hinder you're experience that much since most items are cosmetics. Yeah not really most weapons need platinum to buy and the weapons you can buy are locked with an xp something. i'm guessing you need to go to a certain level. I have just started playing it and its fun for me and i hope that it'll be fun for you too. Remember its FFFFFFFFRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so theres really no reason to complain. If you don't like it give it a negative and tell us why, but if i catch you with over 24 hours of game time then i know yo enjoyed it for the most part.
game-hours: 74.2
review: While its action is impressive and fun, especially with the more recent updates, I find myself wanting a slightly more in depth story that better explains the mythos and characters of this game, because it certainly has the potential to be an epic
game-hours: 11.9
review: if i could type sounds thats how youd feel right now
game-hours: 3.9
review: Its a really fun game that i would recomend to anyone. It has a great feel to it and the game overall is very well made.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Very good co-op
game-hours: 693.5
review: Warframe is a grind game, to truely enjoy it you have to set your own goals. Since its still bieng updated regulary new things and changed to old systems are expected and this is quite enjoyable.
game-hours: 4.0
review: what's cooler than frggn space ninjas yering aliens and multiplayer. Just wish the performance was a little better,the sensitivity is really high and its very hard to see anything thats going on while looking around.Overall... prestty good game.:3
game-hours: 6.7
review: All I can really say is that this game is fun...
game-hours: 155.3
review: fast/10
game-hours: 153.3
review: One of best games i've played
game-hours: 101.9
review: Cause
game-hours: 125.7
review: I highly recommend this game. Easily the most fun i have had playing any game. Ever.
game-hours: 736.5
review: Just do it.
game-hours: 7.6
review: Warframe, for a free game in open beta, is very well-done and includes an intricate upgrade and leveling system. The game is multiplayer-friendly when there are no connection problems, and the different Warframes, weapons, and abilities make for fun and dynamic playstyles. My favorite aspect of the game is that it makes you feel like a total badass.
game-hours: 158.2
review: This game is a very fast paced shooter/sword fighting game yet when not hacking your way through enemies it has a well done crafting mechanism though it does take a lot of time to build items this doesnt really matter if your willing to put a bit of time into this game if i were to rate this game it would be a 8/10 because it is hands down one of the best free games ive ever played or the best maybe the only thing negative about this is that there are still a bunch of bugs in the game but otherwise this game is awsome everyone should try it!
game-hours: 8.6
review: Awesome game although i would add a few more weapons.
game-hours: 22.4
review: I'm recommending this but not passionately, pros and cons are my opinion Pros: + Nice optimization, not so high system requirements for amazing graphics + Gear modding isn't actually a pain but fun + Nice fast paced action + Good variety of Warfames and weapons Cons: (remember these are my opinion) - Especially least in lower levels game SHOULD someway give you some "starter < X < medium" level blueprints because I had no idea which weapon I could or should craft, I ended up buying many blueprints I can't make or I don't want - I often just got carried by a higher level player and missions are impossible to do alone - I got lost, not knowing what to do, game doesn't seem to have a progressive quest system or any missions of any kind after first short quest - I got stuck with same weapon for ages
game-hours: 4.1
review: Why can't it update DirectX ??
game-hours: 44.3
review: Have played the game for about a week, logged in each day from day one. Love the visuals and the Sci-Fi Samurai/Ninja theme. The way they handle the login screen and the back story are awesome. Having the menus integrated so well into the game as game play it self is neat. Game-play can be fast and furious or slow and steady, depending on how your set your load out.Which is very nice. Selected the Bow as my primary at the get go. Which was fun being able to stealth kill everyone, but then you are suddenly found out by that one soldier.... medium range engagements get a bit tedious.... One gripe I have in this regard is obtaining new weapons. I wanted to get a assault rifle but the cost was too high for me to change after even the second mission . So was stuck with he bow till I ran several missions to collect the credits. Which was till after the whole intro quest finished. So yeah flexibility to try new weapons -at least of the same tier- is non existent... Guess that is the grind element that you get in MMOs. Another thing I find perplexing is the lack of a filter function in the market screen/view. If there is one then it isnt obvious enough.... Would really like to filter "Out" the items that require cash shop currency. Match making kinda sucks as well. Doesn't seem to like me playing with other players. And when it did pair me up, they were like 7 ranks above me. So ended up in missions higher level to me. Or so I presume, I have no idea at this time how to tell my level. ok.. so thats more than one gripe. Overall, I like the game, would love to get into a new warframe and try some other weapons... but guess taht will take time... besides that, the gripes are more annoyances really. Cept the Feral Kubrows... they scare teh crap out of me Q_Q
game-hours: 109.4
review: This game is awesome. I enjoy every moments inside the game. you feel like a HERO that can do everything in your fingertips. Thumbs UP !!
game-hours: 17.0
review: Huge respect for Digital Extremes, for making a AAA game and give it to us for free. If some money-whoring game companies made a game with quality like this, I'm sure they'll put $99 for the price. The graphics are OUTSTANDING. It runs smoothly on my laptop when other games with worse graphic quality can't even run 30 fps on very low settings. The movements and effects were so beautifully rendered, sometimes I wonder if it's really free. My first 4 hours of gameplay was interesting. I didn't explore much at this point, so I'm gonna say it's good enough. The premium item system is quite balanced. Half of it was cosmetics, and it's not to gamebreaking. Another respect for the developers for not using pay2win way. Play it. It's worth your time.
game-hours: 136.2
review: If you don't enjoy grinding for every element of the game, this game isn't for you.
game-hours: 124.7
review: grindfest... but god is it addictive or what. Action game but you choose your playstyle. Stealth, shoot, melee, group or solo. I don't like 3rd person games but I will make an exception for this. Oh, and ninja like abilities are definitely a bonus
game-hours: 296.8
review: One of the few games where you can run on walls while throwing lightning and stabbing peoples faces, and shooting them. While your friends are shooting them, and running on walls and stabbing things and using super powers. Basically Super Space ninjas in space.
game-hours: 43.1
review: i LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 2.2
review: Gutes Spiel
game-hours: 269.0
review: Goodly
game-hours: 0.1
review: runs good on my lower end pc.
game-hours: 51.6
review: we need it on mac really please make it on mac would be an pleasure or anybody knows how to get it on mac?
game-hours: 18.2
review: Probably one of the best free to play games out right now. And those graphics! They are amazing. Good work.
game-hours: 550.7
review: good gem :3
game-hours: 4.3
review: This game is stupid, don't listen to wortheyboii2245, he is wrong about this game.
game-hours: 20.9
review: This game is abosulotly the best game in the the free section with all of its motion blurness and running around, do not listin to Nobelsolider98 he is just stupid and gay
game-hours: 24.9
review: Not enough story in Warframe for me, but if that isn't and issue for you then this is a very smooth, stylish shooter with a good upgrade system all for the low low price of 0
game-hours: 13.8
review: It's an easy to learn, fast paced Halo-type MMO amalgation of awesomeness. The story is a bit hard to understand at first, but players can quickly pick up the skills to win either online or off.
game-hours: 776.5
review: i love this game if you enjoy grinding and getting to feel like you got an awsome reward for that farming then this is your game if you keep up a fast pace and go like the ninja way you can kill every one. the mod are plenty i have been playing for almost 500 hours and you start to see that they put in some filler. if you put the game on ultra for the graphics it looks like your playing a future type tv movie. the lore is lacking but they have said that they may put in some more into it.when they make an update like for version 14,15 exc it always has somthing amazing to offer. the old tutorial is crap compared to the exclent one now for example you can get to chose your own guns and weapons insead of having the crap mk-1 braton,skana, but the lato was good. the mission and events make it so that you cant get bored and when you play void survival it feel like a battle to the death and your fighting and endless wave of enimes. the defense is a bit less then the survival but you have a less priority of caring for your life. the weapon selection is huge i want to try and make all the guns but i have only schratched the surface. the warframe make it so you can adapte to any situation. i recomend if you do get platinum you should save it either to get parts resouces or getting some stuff from the trade tab.i recomend fully that you get this game and even though your bored from farming just for a bit the reward after is the best thing you can get
game-hours: 130.9
review: Warframe is an Awesome 3rd Person Shooter Action game, many hours of gameplay, some may be repetitive but to play something like this with all the abilities makes it fun, what makes it even more fun is playing with your friends that you can talk to, be it skype etc... there are downsides of course, sometimes server lags and/or glitches within the game that could be fixed, other than that its just an awesome game all the way through. I hope you ladies and gents have fun with this awesome game :D 9/10!
game-hours: 225.2
review: Space Ninjas bullying aliens 666/10
game-hours: 8.7
review: awesome game requires a good computer to handle graphics thou 10/10
game-hours: 7.9
review: this is game is amazing! i have never had so much fun since i found dragon age. if you like the FPS genere this is your game!
game-hours: 6.0
review: In my opinion this is a pretty good game. It kinda reminds me of destiny and it's got decent graphics, especially considering this is a free to play game. Overall this game has hours of bow sniping awesomeness to offer.
game-hours: 1.1
review: I like going right to multiplayer i just dont like singleplayer missions, thats just me but i do like the game it has nice graphics and good customizable characters even the guns too.
game-hours: 458.7
review: good game 4.3/10
game-hours: 265.4
review: dope
game-hours: 1.1
review: pretty good was expecting a fps shooter with perks and killcam
game-hours: 662.2
review: It's like a chimera made up of Left 4 Dead, Diablo, and Mass Effect. And it keeps getting better as the Beta rolls on. Expect even more improvements now that it's going to be a PS4 launch title, and hopefully we can get some cross-platform action.
game-hours: 11.1
review: VERY GOOD GRAPHICS!!! EASY TO PLAY!!
game-hours: 2.3
review: hahah
game-hours: 4.5
review: To be honest, this is one of the best games i've ever played 10/10
game-hours: 11.6
review: If you like co-op shooters then this game is for you. The fact that its free makes it a must play for any gamer. Definitely one of the best F2P available right now. Not your typical F2P game, it is based on co-op not PvP. This game is PLAY to win, not PAY to win. You can buy all the materials to make new gear for prices that i can only describe as extortion. If you put some good time into this game, you can find all of the materials you need to craft the different items and not end up spending 200$ on "Platinum" which is the games paid currency. If you can get a few of your buddies or some good online teammates you are guranteed to have a good time playing this game. Its free, its fun. Try it. Period.
game-hours: 8.1
review: ,       ,       ""
game-hours: 17.1
review: it needs team death matches , but is very sweet , great control and hd graphics
game-hours: 9.0
review: this is awesome game for gamers who like aliens to kill it's online too when you group with other players to kill aliens-enemies. I love to play that game it looks like HALO
game-hours: 10.8
review: very good game
game-hours: 9.4
review: why does it lagg so much like when i move it it moves in 3 seconds
game-hours: 17.4
review: Amazing game, I fell in love with it as soon as I started playing, I mean space ninjas with all kinds of different Warframes. It's great, a must play!
game-hours: 0.9
review: This is really good, I am new to computer gaming, especially shooting games, but this is really really good, and there is no need to setup a controller, my xbox controller works just fine, without setting it up. 10/10 from me so far.
game-hours: 517.1
review: While Warframe is a very well made game, it does have some features that can let some players down. For instance the lack of ability to specialise yourself in anything but Combat or stealth early on is unfortunate. However there are many pros to this game. Pros: Building Weapons and Warframes You have never reached your maximum potential Fun Gameplay Ninja in space! New Hud is nice to look at PVP/Conclave for those who need it Warframes are essentially different classes, and can be changed between missions Cons: Gameplay can wear down on veteran players Without a clan you will need platinum for some things Without a clan higher end weapons will never be available to you The game can feel as though all you do is level items Personally, about 70% of the players I have met are kind and respectful, the other 30 treat Warframe as an outer space Call of Duty, often teabagging you when they should be reviving you. Fortunately if you are with that 30% your warframes get 4 revives each, bringing you back with starting energy, full shields and health. Most Warframes can be built after 3 or more times fighting a boss, meaning a new class will be available to you within 3 days of creating all 3 pieces and getting the Orokin Cell required. However there is still a catch, defeating a boss has a risk of giving you a death mark, sending another psuedo boss after you. Once you enter a mission with a level 5 or over warframe be carefull. The invasions are a nice touch, giving you the choice to side with either of your enemies for rewards, which can often be a hard to aquire material, or a great ammount of credits. Again, choosing a side these days is a risk as The Corpus have a copy of Jupiters boss to send after you, which will put you in a secret mission, and The Grineer have the Grustrag Three, both of these work as the stalker does. Sometimes during this game I found myself in over my head, surrounded or backed into a corner, but such is the beauty of this games co-op system. A friend playing the game can join your mission, or you can join them, and you can fight together, of course, the enemies will become slightly stronger, but having a second man can make all the difference in many missions or boss missions. I personally have found that the most effective team I have seen to date was an Ash, Trinity, Frost and Volt, this team has destroyed even the Hyena Pack and the Dual boss on Phobos. As I write this review I have come to a time where I am begginning not to enjoy warframe as I once did, due to what feels like repetetive levelling, however back when I only had two warframes, both rank 30, I remember having fun destroying entire armies of enemies with nothing but a bow, a pistol and a sword. This game is only as fun as you try to make it. 8/10
game-hours: 20.6
review: awesome game
game-hours: 379.2
review: Ninjas! In SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!!!
game-hours: 11.4
review: if you like space ninjas and using samurai swords to forcibly "dis-arm" enemies, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 6.4
review: This game has reached the highest level of bad@ssery, but it can go furthur. It's also fun if you have a friend to play along with
game-hours: 4.6
review: is good
game-hours: 2.8
review: This game is very fast paced and very fun.Get the game and you'll see what i mean.
game-hours: 650.1
review: One of best free to play games out today.
game-hours: 10.9
review: very goot yess
game-hours: 20.5
review: Very fun game if you like this kind of game!
game-hours: 177.4
review: This is an excellent game. lots of free running and shooting. probably one of my avorite games to date. you can look at my full review here:
game-hours: 5.5
review: everyone should download this game.
game-hours: 231.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 8.4
review: SPACE NINJAS, if those two words dont make you want you to play this game. this game is not for you.
game-hours: 790.8
review: this game is so cool i never stop playing it i play for like 4 hr
game-hours: 103.4
review: The best non PvP shooter I have ever played. Keeps me on the edge of my seat. I'm usually not into 3rd person shooters but this game keeps me coming back for more alien  kicking. Interface is beautiful, combat is steady and fun, loadouts and weapon upgrades/customization couldn't be any better. All in all, if you aren't playing this game, you should be.
game-hours: 28.8
review: Nice free game, enjoy it!
game-hours: 671.8
review: this game is so much fun better then i expectied cant wait to get my hek maxed out and show that stalker who the real tenno is
game-hours: 1053.6
review: i can't believe this game is a free 2 play, it so cool
game-hours: 172.6
review: this game i cannot lie is amazing, you can litterally do everything without paying money into it but just takes time. The ingame currency seems like it is very highpriced at least it did to me but it goes a long way for the money you spend.
game-hours: 8.1
review: its cool game
game-hours: 41.2
review: Best free game I've ever played!
game-hours: 1.6
review: One of the best MMO TPS
game-hours: 30.6
review: a liitle bit buggy but really fun to play
game-hours: 82.0
review: COOL GAME, nothing else to say.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Esse jogo e simplesmente
game-hours: 12.1
review: not much variety but its isnt a bad free to play game. you dont need to pay real world money to have fun but it will take longer to get stuff if you dont
game-hours: 652.7
review: Excellent game, great graphics, amazing team play and single player features, an all rounder.
game-hours: 129.6
review: Great game, loses most value after about 200 hours with repative missions. If you like grinding for gear and space ninjas this game is for you.
game-hours: 28.1
review: =)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))=))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))=)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 321.9
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 2.2
review: umm when i log on to play this game the walls are glitchey and i cant see anything my account is tyman07 someone pls help me fix this issue, P.S i dont recomend this game for computers using windows vista or lower.
game-hours: 716.7
review: It's fun, fast, and challenging at times. This game is well worth it
game-hours: 28.4
review: Ongelooflijke game! Zotte trucs maken het af! ik vindt dat ze hier heel wat mee zouden verdienen als er een prijs op stond!
game-hours: 211.7
review: NIJASSSSSS!!!!!!!
game-hours: 9.9
review: It's a fun game but it crashes way too much, it happens about every 30 minutes or so for me.
game-hours: 16.7
review: Advantages: Space Ninjas Regular heavy content updates Events almost constantly Weapons for days Lots of game modes Good community Good customization options Looks great No hackers Disadvantages: Steep (but short) learning curve for new players. Heavy grinding for endgame-tier gear Frequent Updates cuase bugs Overall it's a great game if you have a fair amount of time to kill grinding for stuff.
game-hours: 88.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 68.0
review: I had lots of fun, It can hold its own against many games that make you buy first. Although it's difficult to get really in depth without purchaces.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Its free and awesome what else would you want?
game-hours: 48.6
review: Super fun!
game-hours: 72.6
review: An amazing game with matching graphics. However, solo is just as hard as playing with 4 people. other than that i highly recomen this game.
game-hours: 42.8
review: This Game is FU*King Awesome
game-hours: 119.1
review: This is honestly one of my favorite shooters out right now, despite it being free Ive sunk more money into this game than most paid games. Its like game crack!
game-hours: 0.7
review: My friend told me this game would look dreadful in 3D because of the motion blur, but he also have another 3D technology than I have. Something with a Samsung monitor with built-in 2D to 3D converter, but it is not as good as Nvidia's solution. The game looks cool with Nvidia 3D and I can recommend this game, even though it makes my pc sleep :P Nvidia PhysX also looks good hehe. I like the missions too and the play style of this game.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Amazing game with great graphics if you like third-person shooters and MMOs this is your game!
game-hours: 0.5
review: rwly funnnnn...........
game-hours: 7.2
review: This game is incredible. It's an awesome CO-OP and also f2p. I highly recommend it
game-hours: 285.0
review: Great game, however it's p2p server hosting system is absolutely terrible, however I still recommend this game as it is well worth playing, I'd give it a good 9/10 if it wasn't for constant p2p issues.
game-hours: 481.7
review: Like Mass Effect, except with parkour. Great game to play with friends, or even solo jsut to screw around. There is a lot of grinding to be done in order to fully enjoy the game, but it does have its benefits.
game-hours: 6.4
review: It's a very well polished game, especially for Free-To-Play.
game-hours: 118.0
review: Get this game got no money but want a Epic game look no further :D
game-hours: 104.8
review: Its an awesome game to play with your friends/family alot of blood though so only 13 and up
game-hours: 2.7
review: Very unique mmo. Like playing a bad  coop verion of mass effect where each player controls an acrobatic terminator with guns and blades. There's not much I can say that hasn't been said about this game already but it's atleast worth a try. I really like the game and like the idea of instance based mmos and this one is one of the coolest in style and gameplay. It's also very fast paced and fun with friends or by yourself. You could even speedrun instances which is something most open world mmos don't have available.
game-hours: 2.1
review: awesomeness in a can for free
game-hours: 850.7
review: EPIC
game-hours: 229.1
review: as far as free games go, top notch!
game-hours: 10.0
review: Awesome game looks nice for a Free-2-Play but it is 90% pay to win type of game. The game it self is still amazing.
game-hours: 1147.5
review: For a free to play game, Warframe certainly gets quite a few things right: The graphics are gorgeous, the game mechanics are simple, & the Frames (characters) are unique, and stand out with personalities even though they don't have dialouge. As a bonus, the developers are very involved in the community; adding new weapons and items, as well as implementing new game modes and events with detailed backgrounds on a regular basis. The weapons and frames are so diverse and numerous, & it's really fun to experiment and find a combination that you call your own. The only problem I have with the games structure is that you get VERY few weapon and frame slots to start with, and you can only get more through buying Platinum (cash). There are so many weapons and frames I feel that they need to add a few more slots, because new players might not have the information they need to sink some money into the game if they can't experiment with more than 2 frames or 4 weapons. And, unfortunately, the starting weapons suck to the maximum, but that should be expected since you need to work your way up. I would definitely reccommend this game to anyone who wants an action / brawler game, because the melee / ninja-acrobatic side is stronger than the shooter side.
game-hours: 84.2
review: Im enjoying this game quite a bit but I've been stuck on the Eurasia mission on earth for 2-3 days now. I would like to continue playing but Im afraid that this one mission might just stop me. Very much do I enjoy challenges but for being so early on, I feel that this mission is too much. I've even played with several different groups and It all ends the same. Failed. This mission is too over-powering. I feel that the creators of this game should fix this and make it a tad easier like how it used to be before. Other than that I would totally recommend this game to other video gamers!
game-hours: 1294.4
review: kickass game.... space ninjas
game-hours: 83.7
review: I'm not usually a fan of FPS games, but I've really enjoyed playing Warframe. I think it may be that it's cooperative instead of competitive, so my lack of quick motor reflexts isn't as big of a deal.
game-hours: 84.1
review: One of the best F2P games i've seen. 10/10
game-hours: 31.4
review: Awesome Gameplay ! Great game for time pass :) Lots of Fun playing it!!
game-hours: 336.0
review: Very fun when you get used to the grind, although the combat system is un-usually satisfying so it isn't that bad.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Awesome Multiplayer
game-hours: 64.9
review: You get out what you put in.
game-hours: 149.7
review: A bit repetative, but if you're a fan of leveling up and gaining new skills/abilities and whatnot, there is enough here to hold your interest for a good chunk of time. The devs are very active, always adding new stuff. For a free to play game, it has a lot to offer.
game-hours: 130.4
review: Warframe is a fast paced Third person shooter that includes a perfect combination of Gunplay, and Melee combat, plus a whole arsenal of various weapons to try out and master. It is a bit grindy at times, But it is possible to play the game 100% free and still have fun, And it is also viable for Low end computers but still looks very good if you crank it up. I suggest this game if you like Fast Paced Action games, and Third Person Shooters. Oh, I forgot to tell you that this game has space ninjas, can you name other games that have space ninjas? ... that's what I thought.
game-hours: 858.2
review: It gets a bit repeative when grinding BUT DE always creates new fun events to participate in withe exlusive rewards. This is one of my favorite games on steam.
game-hours: 80.6
review: Great game, lots of things to do, however gets repetitive really fast.
game-hours: 32.3
review: Not as good as halo but gets pretty close to it
game-hours: 708.3
review: Whilst not incredibly impressive if taken at surface value, Warframe has many, many hidden layers. The lore and backstory is hidden behind so much secrecy put out by the developers. However, if you play it for long enough, realise just enough, you will work it out eventually. With such a rich and still debated backstory, There's not much not to love. The gameplay is also smooth, but far from being its best feature; bugs and glitches do feature prominently in this game but do get fixed regularly. There's regular content updates and events to do, and the combat is reasonably smooth. Not the best game I've ever played, but for free, it's definitely worth it.
game-hours: 6.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 315.1
review: A space-aged, ninja fantasy with guns, powers, and laying waste to the enemy. The development team is countable and appear to bring more to the table yearly than most multiplayer games. Its worth a shot if you're questioning it.
game-hours: 5.2
review: I can't talk highly enough about this game. Though don't let that tell you I love everything about it. While I love this game it does have flaws. For starters, the game will get a bit repetitive. A lot of the levels are recycled multiple times. There will be times you will think you're playing on a whole new level, but you may just find out you're on another unexplored part of a different level that you have previously explored. With that said, some of the levels are absolutely enormous and it will take you a long time to explore every inch of some of them with just one run through. Something else adding to how repetitive the game will get is the limited amount of enemy types you will come across. There are only 3 or 4 factions. So you'll be seeing the same enemy types over and over. You'll get used to fighting them. Once you have some weapons that you've spent some time with, that youve customized to you, you will rip through the enemies that you're used to like they aren't even there. Paying to play. Yes the game is free. You will get starting equip. One Warframe [Character], one melee weapon, one sidearm weapon, and one primary weapon. Enough to get you right out there and into the fray. To acquire new characters and weapons though, you will need to grind, quite a bit. First you will ether need to buy [with in game currency, not real money] the recipe for the weapon. Then you'll need to save up the credits to actually build the weapon. Then you'll need to find all the necessary materials which you'll need to grind through levels to acquire. And a lot of times you'll need to grind through a few different planets to get those materials. Once you have it all, you craft the recipe. And that takes time. A lot of time. The most you will wait is 3 days; which is the time to build a new character. Weapons are usually about 12 hours. Speaking of building a character though. Those are even harder. Youll need to find the mission type, boss battle, or planet that the pieces to the Warframe drop in. Once you do that, you need to collect all three pieces, the head, torso, and control system for the frame. But those aren't the actual pieces; they're recipes to get those pieces. Which you will then need to craft with the right materials same as before. Once you have crafted all three parts. You need to craft them together. With the overall recipe for the Warframe. All of this costs a lot of in game credits. And overall will take about 3 days. So it's time consuming. That being said, once you have a bit of gear, once you find a setup that you are used to and enjoy playing with, the grind goes much faster. Youll be hopping from planet to planet grinding out materials and credits like its nothing. Because of that, I recommend playing for a bit. Figure out how much you think this game is worth. Drop that into the game with the purchase of the real money game currency. Me? I love this game. I played it. I enjoyed it. I felt I was playing it more than some of the $60 games I had spent money on. So I dropped $50 into it; I got myself decked out with some new frames that looked fun, some new weapons, and a sentinel. And since then Ive ground out new equipment without even thinking about it just because I was enjoying the game. All my problems with it aside, the game is fun, pure and simple. It may not have a compelling story; it may get a bit repetitive. But its fun. And really thats what a game should be; fun, able to keep your attention. The sign of a good game is a game that you can play for hours and hours without even realizing that time is passing around you. This game did that for me. I recommend it very highly even with the shortcomings I have found with it.
game-hours: 2.4
review: this game is awsome!!!! beside the t that the craphics are too good for a free game, the game also worck with an xbox controller and it works really good!!!!!
game-hours: 167.3
review: good game dinamic!
game-hours: 29.0
review: So addicting and one of the best games i've ever played :D (and one of the games im really good at XD) 5 Star
game-hours: 636.8
review: about sums it up
game-hours: 489.6
review: Tons of awesome space ninja action? Check. An invention system? Check. Custom Place to call your own? Check. Tons of stuff to collect? Check. Sweet weapons with an ever growing variety? Check. If you're looking for a game that has almost everything, this is it. If you're looking for a game that's non-stop action, with tons of customization, this is it. If your looking for a lame  FPS or 3ps pvp shooter.... this is not it. Beautiful maps, weather effects, day/night cycles, detailed game world with collectable history and an every growing army of badass space ninjas. You want to stand and brawl your enemies to death, there is a Warframe for you. You want to sneak around and snipe unseen? There's a Warframe for you. You want to obliterate massive mobs of bloodthirsty enemies, teleport away and scamper off to the objective... yup, you guessed it, there's a Warframe for you. If you're like me and ever played a shooter and thought, "Man... if I could climb up there....". Well, friends, Warframe lets you do just that. With mad ninja skillz, and expansive maps, you can run, leap, backflip, climb and slide through starships, deserts, twisted forests and frozen wastes... and I havn't even gotten around to exploring every map. If you've ever thought, "Sheeeooot, this gun is sweet, but I wish it shot explosive bullets", then you are in for a treat. The weapon modifications available for the large and ever growing collection of weapons ensures that no two players weapons are identicle, and that you can always refit your weapons for any situation. Need fire? slap it on and jump into the mission. Need blazing electric death and explsoins? You're covered with the weapon mod system used in Warframe. Over all, an excellent game that's constantly getting better.... AND the developers just GIVE it away. Yes... it is FREE. Free awesome and space ninja goodness... seriously, who gives away a game this great? Get it now, before these fine people are hauled away to the nearest funny farm.
game-hours: 4.1
review: Decent game. Alot of grinding.
game-hours: 5.0
review: Magic robo-ninjas with guns. What do you want? Plot? Shut up and look awesome while you kill things.
game-hours: 3.8
review: Very fun i would gladly pay for this game.
game-hours: 1347.1
review: This game can be horrifyingly addictive. They do a good job of making their pay currency rather necessary to purchase and it always gets really tempting to buy it but it tends to be very cheap because they give away discounts as login rewards very commonly. I personally love to gameplay and parkour and the crafting system while frustrating at first becomes rather fun waiting for that new weapon you just started building.
game-hours: 40.8
review: You either love or hate this game. Me, I ended up uninstalling it, but it's not bad, actually quite good compared to others, and worth a try to anyone, plus it's free. In short, the game has so many things it does right, yet so many things it does wrong, at least in my opinion. You might enjoy the combat, the variety of mission types, the possiblities of all those weapons and warframes, and the (now) streamlined HUD/interface, along with endless replayiblity and decent netcode, with the game's amazing optimization and graphics topping it off. Or, you could be annoyed by the excessive grindiness, the monotony of missions, the (at times) brutal unfairness of the enemies, the awful parkour and melee, among other things. I more commonly encountered the latter, the reason why I uninstalled the game, but to be honest, like I said, the game has some pretty awesome things about it. I believe a lot of people exaggerate the bad points - the stuff I mentioned is bad, but not that bad. I ended up very mixed about this game, somewhat actually in between. I would recommend just giving this game a try, seeing if, whether to you, the good things surpass the bad, or vice versa. After all, it's free - what have you got to lose?
game-hours: 676.6
review: This is by far one of the coolest, addicting, well made games I have ever played. It is continually updated with patches and new content. And it's free!
game-hours: 41.7
review: The Co-op ideal of this game is very well done. Although it is a "time or money" game, it it worth the time, and money.
game-hours: 301.4
review: I shot an arrow at a guy, he flew back and killed all his teammates. 10/10 I mean, i love this game, down to the heart i can't let Warframe go, sadly the game gets really old. After having played 260+ hours, i can easily tell you i'm not able, willing, or needingly gonna dump a single more hour into this game until it has undergone some serious updating. All good things must come to an end, then you make way for new good things. For me, Warframe's depot of good things is depleted, now they need to fill it up agian with a stack of updates before im gonna even touch this agian.
game-hours: 378.2
review: Play it.
game-hours: 273.9
review: Wasn't so into it at first,but it's really good since update 7.Outstanding game.
game-hours: 95.3
review: THIS GAME IS G R E A T AMAZING AGREEABLE PLEASING ANY OTHER WORD THAT YOU CAN USE INSTEAD OF GREAT. JOIN OMEGA BRUTE TODAY! (You can join as long as you remember these words: Brute is our name ripping guts out is our game!) *my name is TROLLman118*
game-hours: 15.4
review: This game is so much fun I have a blast its a litle like gears of war there is alot of taking cover if you are by yourself buuuuuuut if there us alot of you its a blast!!!
game-hours: 400.3
review: This game takes free-to-play to a whole new level! Feels like I should pay for it.
game-hours: 49.8
review: This game is a solid game to say its free to play, with its immaculate graphics, cut throat combat and amazing story lines (the few that exist) it is easy to see why it is so popular. As ever this game has minor flaws here are the few I can find, for a free to play game they put allot of things under platinum (Which is fine as they need to make money) but 75 platinum for a colour scheme seems slightly extortionate to say the least. So for this reason I would have to grade it a 3/5.
game-hours: 509.7
review: Greatest game ever
game-hours: 160.4
review: Do you like dakka? Do you like ninjas? Do you like ninjas with dakka? Get this game!
game-hours: 254.5
review: At the beginning, you get some . You use that  to kill  to get more . It's free and it's awesome.
game-hours: 85.9
review: space ninjas. need I say more?
game-hours: 5.5
review: This game actually is very cool. The graphics of this game are just unbelievable! I would recommend thsi game to everyone who likes shooting and enjoying good graphics.
game-hours: 694.7
review: I love warframe :)
game-hours: 25.3
review: absolutely amazing havent played a game this good in ages
game-hours: 6.9
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 3.3
review: This game is pretty good. It needs some work, but it's free to play so it's definetly worth playing. I like the co-op game play, but a few things to fix: -Sometimes the achievements don't work -Personally, I think the melee button is in a bad place -Make the waypoints less confusing
game-hours: 1045.0
review: A great game to play if you want a relatively cruisey third person shooter. Unfortunately, higher levels tend to lots of grinding/farming, but plenty of content before that plateau is reached.
game-hours: 124.7
review: In warframe, you get to collect "mods" for your warriors, and this upgrades their skills. You also get to customize your player/warrior. The gameplay is very simple and user-friendly, and you get to play solo or with others to complete missions. You even get to have an epic storyline along with it. It is worth your time to try out!!
game-hours: 604.0
review: <3
game-hours: 18.0
review: if u want a good games where u can shoot things and have a nice campaign while eating beef jerkey, get some other thing but this one is FREEEE!!!
game-hours: 287.0
review: Wow
game-hours: 370.7
review: Amazing, just amazing!!
game-hours: 67.8
review: this game to damn god, third person shooter with parkour gameplay, the character or warframe's so badass, u can choose ur gameplay, for example :, u can choose stealth gameplay , or hardcore with u r friend. this game is so interesting. 8.7/10
game-hours: 981.0
review: what the hell last minutes u come to update after i get the alert mission reward vigor ,u just send a message that update come my progress cannot save .how come like this
game-hours: 858.9
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 1256.5
review: Ur life: Not REKT  REKT
game-hours: 166.0
review: Man is this game addicting! whats even better is that everything bought with real money can also be farmed and crafted without it, you can also trade for platinum (real money currency).
game-hours: 346.3
review: Simply put : IT IS AWESOME I've never actually liked shooters,but when I saw that this game had swords,PLUS parkour,Plus Co-op,PLUS incredibly powerful (and for once legit) , cool armours (Warframes), I had to give it a try. And boy did I LOVE it. It's hard to imagine Ninjas In Space,BUT THIS GAME NAILS IT.PERFECTLY. Pros: Incredible gameplay .You can join forces with three other players to OBLITERATE enemies. THE SHEER AMOUNT OF EQUIPMENT. With so many Warframes, primary,secondary,melee weapons and Mods to choose from, this is a game that can totally be tailored to YOU.Stealth,speed,or the all-out killing spree,your playstyle,your falls and your victories can all be determined by how you choose.And with more always in the next update, you can conquer however you want. WARFRAMES SIMPLIFIED Make FRI***N alien/robot/dog-thing/wierd mutated thing sushi with Excalibur Burn S*** up with Ember Burn even more S*** with Ember Prime Electrocute F*****S with Volt Make akward snowmen/robots/you know with Frost Make the place a fr***in refrigerator with Frost Prime Be an ACTUAL stealthy ninja with Ash, and stick smoke bombs up them A**es Lots, AND I MEAN A LOT, of missions. You have the entire Solar System to conquer!(wait, since there's more weapons every update, will there be more planets too? WOOOOOO) REVIVES!You get 4 revives a day!That means you can return from the afterlife 4 times a day to win what you once lost. No "ENERGY". That means that you can play all you want! Just don't get addicted. PRIME. yup, prime. The true supercharged weapons/Warframes forged by the Orokin(your ancestors),yup.Your great-great-great-great-great-great grandpa made that. CONS BUGS.TONS OF EM! You can get stuck in side a wall after a revive, and thats sure to snap some nerves. there's a lot more, but you can be sure Digital Extremes are doing all that is humanly possible to fix this all-powerfull nemesis. Map problems. doors might not open. but DE is still working on it. after all it's a massive co-op game and there are definetly problems with the WARFRAME world. Simply put: NINJAS IN FR***IN SPACE. GET IT. IT'S FREE. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR.
game-hours: 80.9
review: 3 words............Best Game Ever
game-hours: 3.9
review: If you have a lot of friends to play with, go for it, it's a lot of fun. But beware, it may get repetitive, the missions and maps you play in.
game-hours: 221.0
review: so grindy not even tony hawk can pull off a rail like that. 4/10
game-hours: 8.9
review: it was fun at first but since i didnt want to pay money it got way to hard
game-hours: 160.9
review: This has been good times. I think I'm enjoying it more than borderlands.
game-hours: 39.6
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 48.3
review: Its so good, it made me forget my Mac and Chess in the microwave for 2 hours.
game-hours: 774.5
review: A free to play game with the content, gameplay and graphics of a $40 game, even in the beta stage it's in now. It is by no means pay-to-win, 97% of everything can be obtained without paying real money.
game-hours: 28.1
review: guys you need to give as choice to creat game not do random hosts because after u play one level 3 hours .. and now i dont know why i cant update my warframe game at a bigining when i click on it
game-hours: 251.9
review: one of the best games i have played i have over 1k hrs of game play have been playing it b4 setam had it
game-hours: 123.0
review: This game is ace! Loving the fast pace of the missions
game-hours: 14.5
review: Space Ninjas that can do freaking majic. What else has to be said?
game-hours: 20.3
review: Warfarm.
game-hours: 7.8
review: It's a very fun game. Can be played like a single-player game, but if you have a friend (or 3) who are willing to play with you, then you're going to have a blast!
game-hours: 117.3
review: This game is in awesome!
game-hours: 760.8
review: Game modes from Assasination to Defense, offline and online, not to mention tons of power up cards to enchance your arsenal, a worthy game to spend my time on. Though it's not the best, but definitely in my approved list.
game-hours: 500.1
review: So, uh, Warframe. Where to start. Basically the trailer shows you as a kinda ninja robot thingy who kills whole groups of enemies using unique powers - that's half-true. In Warframe, most of ths stuff is actually gun play. It's third-person, which means you get to stare over your own shoulder a lot, but it's FAST - ie. stupidly fast physics-defying (as in, not even theoretical physics-defying) fights where you say 'hey, I want to kill that boxheaded robotic guy over there. Do I a) slide along the floor, spin around and slice him into two pieces at the waist LIKE A BOSS, or b) shoot at him? Which one is faster? Did I hear a)?' Crazy trick stunts aside, there's a variety of weapons (although I have to complain that primary weapons are ALWAYS stronger than their secondary counterparts), and the thing that makes this game unique: Warframes. Warframes being that robotic suit of armour which lets you do really absurd stuff, like pull whole groups off ledges to laand at your feet and get finished off by that great big reaper you just happen to be carrying. Or go so crazy that all the enemies in a large radius around you get confused and start attacking each other. Or shed your skin, or hit the ground so hard everything around you goes slowmo, or maybe even just bog-standard turn invisible. There are warframes to fit most playstyles - support, tank, glasscannon - and all with unique ability sets, but none of them are biased towards a set of weapons. You don't get a sniper frame. You get a whole load of frames, whether fast, light and high-damaging, or slow but resilient, and you can lump whatever weapon you like on it. One good example is the primary healing/support frame, with her ability that directs all damage taken to nearby enemies while reducing damage done to herself, and slap a manually-detonated 5-shot grenade launcher on it. You can even get a compound bow/railgun with a high Critical chance, put it on the Warframe with an ability that highlights weakspots on enemies and massively amplifies damage to that point, and then run riot in a Survival mission where you need to kill LOADS of enemies to keep your oxygen supplies up. All in all, this game is fast (if update-intensive), and well worth a try.
game-hours: 46.6
review: Really fun game, it's a nice game to play with your friends and its good to play with other people. I love how nothing in the store is over priced and everything you get in-game is faatastic. Epic game.
game-hours: 23.2
review: AMAZING Dungeon Crawler, probably one of, if not the, best free to plays avaliable. DLC is expensive, but gameplay is priceless.
game-hours: 41.6
review: This game is fast, responsive, and engaging it feels like a more fleshed out Mass Effect 3 multiplayer mode with a better rewards system and less obtrusive cash shop. Fully recommend
game-hours: 18.3
review: I do recommend this title, it is an interesting concept and the execution is really well done in my opinion. However, personally I have already quit playing it by now. I have no intention of spending serious money on progressing to the more awesome things to be found in Warframe and doing it F2P is just too long of a grind. I don't mind grinding but Warframe is taking the whole idea of grinding to a whole new level, one I am not willing to submit to. But still, the gameplay is good, the graphics are good, the pace is absolutely amazing. As long as you are either willing to pay money or willing to tolerate the grind, you could probably enjoy Warframe for quite some time.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Good but the controls are hard to master!
game-hours: 1642.0
review: If Destiny, Borderlands, Sanctum and any other game join in on a foursome this right here would be the kid plus its F2P space ninjas rule...oh levels 0-10 is the only hard part after that you tenno is ready to rock. Still its so much fun..
game-hours: 9.6
review: Never played it... everyones giving it a thumbs so... why shouldn't I?
game-hours: 90.5
review: Completely amazing. Not only does it have quite a unique feel and game-play aspect, but this game has one of those "no need for story to be awesome" feelings. Probably the best 3rd person MMO out there.
game-hours: 12.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 337.8
review: Warframe provides an easy to learn, third person shooter with some minor roleplaying abilities. The game excels at providing quick missions to pass the time, or longer missions with a squad to level and grab new gear. The game centers around Tenno, an elite group of warriors. These warriors are masters with several types of weapons, such as assault rifles, shotguns, lasers, or poison blob launchers. However, it can also be effectively played with the melee weapons in the game; they range from large axes and hammers, to dual wielded daggers and specialty items. Overall, the game is quite an enjoyable experience. The main drawback is the time it takes to build items. A new "Warframe", which is similar to classes in other games, will generally take ~3.5 days to build, unless Platinum is spent on it (the purchaseable in-game currency). With patience, and plenty of weapons, there are many bad guys to exterminate while waiting.
game-hours: 94.6
review: Grind , Grind , Grind for Good Weapons & Warframes (Primes). If u got da money , 2 ez 4 u my friend.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Good game good physics community pretty good. Good graphics as well love the furturisticness
game-hours: 2487.7
review: Help... me...
game-hours: 1.2
review: Innovative
game-hours: 35.2
review: The best free game :D
game-hours: 889.2
review: Great f2p game dont belive it that it is a p2p game no no you can craft every single item in the game just be ready for the wait times like warframes needing 3 days to craft but remember this game is still a baby sure its in its U15 but it still needs time to be fully releashed gameplay is fun heck i got in to it with the grinding but know this dont get in to pvp. pvp in this game is really one sided also for the new players reading this and just got in to warframe do vors prise to get the market get the foundry get the codex and get the mod thingy also veterans like myself will miss the simpleness of U1 anyway stay true tenno
game-hours: 28.9
review: This is a great game.
game-hours: 210.4
review: Feel like having fun for a few hours? How about trying out cool magic junk and shoot em' up guns? Maybe even a sword or a pet demon dog? No? Okay but this game is a wonderful timewaster and sometimes a money pit as well. Worth the time but watch your bank account.
game-hours: 4.6
review: I admire this game for its ambitions as a great, coop space shooter, and all though the mssions and story fall apart and are repetitive, the gameplay is great and with friends this can be a blast. Not an absolute must play, but a great game to play.
game-hours: 10.4
review: AWESOME. thats all i have to say. :D
game-hours: 241.2
review: free game with high production value functioning mechanics and little to no bugs no complaints
game-hours: 1954.0
review: Best game ever made^^
game-hours: 287.3
review: beautiful.
game-hours: 0.1
review: need fix for launcer
game-hours: 97.8
review: A fast-pace third-person shooter with an easy learning. It is not pay-to-win so you can enjoy the gameplay normally. Recommended
game-hours: 238.3
review: robot ninjas with guns in space. need i say more
game-hours: 1616.8
review: Having played this game for a few hours, I think I can safely say, 'This game rocks!' The combat is smooth and the controls are easy. whether you are sniping, healing, or tanking, all equipment is tailored to it's purpose with serious forethought and planning to it's ultimate function. There are balance issues, but not many, and when you play single, co-op, or PvP, you can always find the gun, or sword, or rocket launcher of your choice doing it's job with workman-like capability. Since this is an AI driven game, (the PvP is limited, unfortunately) you do find yourself piling up alot of enemy corpses. Thankfully there are plenty of maps, and plenty of varied objectives to attain, making the combat fresh enough to keep you at it for at least 30 hours, (if not more). So get some guys, get a dojo, and get in the fight! You won't regret it. - BMO (I travel space and Ninja  that I find there...)
game-hours: 22.4
review: cool game ! co-op is very fun !! come and play with me!! :D
game-hours: 5.3
review: Best FREE game I played. it has realy good graphics and the best part is you get a sword and a gun.....i damn near unstopable now.
game-hours: 839.9
review: Been playing for ages. Great Game!
game-hours: 263.1
review: tooo much micro transactions!
game-hours: 106.5
review: Very fun game. Being able to choose between Singleplayer, or Coop with your friends makes it a very enjoyable game. Recommend this one to anybody that likes Shooters, MMO style games, or games you can freely choose between single and multiplayer.
game-hours: 19.3
review: :D
game-hours: 17.6
review: its a good game with intense graphics and an insane story
game-hours: 1.8
review: This game is louds of fun even at a low level
game-hours: 77.6
review: Do not play. You will not be able to escape.
game-hours: 1766.7
review: There's definite potential. That's all it has right now.
game-hours: 341.7
review: This game is soo damn fun, one of my absolute favorites, and it's not even in the final product yet. just stay away from the PVP because it is terribly unbalanced, somebody using a rhino Warframe will Stomp the ground and everybody in the area dies. this game takes sometime to get used to and it takes a ton of grinding to get new weapons and warframes (unless you want to use real money). This game is just to damn fun.
game-hours: 168.1
review: Do it
game-hours: 195.7
review: Great game. Alot of fun and looks good.
game-hours: 6.4
review: Great idea. Lot's of different game styles combined into a bit darker masseffect-like sci fi action. Unfortunately the fact that the game is for free is very obvious. Not well optimized, lots of glitches, non-clear interface. A lot of potential but needs better code and a director which will intrigue players with some better story - it's not very interesting.
game-hours: 110.1
review: Fun, but mindless and repetetive
game-hours: 56.0
review: Started playing for the ninja acrobatics. Continued because it has fun progression :p
game-hours: 9.5
review: The BeST
game-hours: 0.9
review: it is AWWSOOOMEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
game-hours: 134.6
review: You Kill Your Friends 11/10
game-hours: 745.0
review: Fun, fun, fun, fun, and fun.
game-hours: 164.4
review: Its a really nice game, and its free, too.
game-hours: 29.9
review: Huuuuuuge game, I love the randomization and openness of it. It's kind of a grindfest, but it doesn't hand you good gear like every other game. Combat makes you feel badass. Beautiful artstyle. Some levels are really hard unless you have a friend to join you.
game-hours: 0.3
review: died 20/10
game-hours: 66.8
review: SO MUCH FUN !!!!! I started playing about two weeks and the game is amazing! The graphics are great and the different weapons and warframes with their unique abilities is just so cool. I reccommend this game for all Sci-Fi and shooter lovers!
game-hours: 78.5
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME AS !
game-hours: 3.9
review: This game is kindov pay to win
game-hours: 108.0
review: good game grinding is a bit over the top. but the fact that you can build pretty much everything thats in the premium store, and theres no real P2W...just P2sleep
game-hours: 133.6
review: PLEASE MAKE IT STOOOOP!
game-hours: 137.4
review: The most awesome game in mulitplayer i had played before. This game need time to play, and the skill is very good. It used statergy and skill to play. I hope they create more sentinel and sentinel weapon for them may support warframe and new enemy.
game-hours: 173.2
review: I love the game but is their a way to grind faster?
game-hours: 560.7
review: Awesome co-op-magical-ninjas-in-space game. Almost everything that you have to pay for, you can also craft for ingame money. Requires a good bit of grinding but well made, fun grinding.
game-hours: 142.0
review: kick  game! you should play this!!
game-hours: 80.7
review: After hours of playing, you'll be bored. (   )
game-hours: 114.0
review: highly recommended if you want a shooter with a challenge
game-hours: 862.0
review: I run the game then this game crash. I need some help!
game-hours: 32.0
review: Alone it's fun, with a friend or 2, it's awesome. A lot of it consists of looting to find the stuff you need to make the things you need, but the core gameplay is awesome, so it never feels like a drag. Seeing the awesome animation in motion while cutting and shooting you foes is amazing. Play it with friends, and you will have one heck of a fun time.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Good looking
game-hours: 8.0
review: This game no doubt, is absolutely amazing, it never got boring and i have loved all the missions so far, overall if i had to give it a rating it would be 4.5/5
game-hours: 250.3
review: great game would play it but i should be for mac my freinds whatn to play with me on missons so if the creaters are reading this ples update for mac so my frends can co op with me
game-hours: 2.5
review: pretty sweet so far. great looking, smooth gameplay. not bad for a f2p
game-hours: 74.8
review: NOTE: Don't let my low game time fool you, I played this game in the very early stages of closed Beta, and have probably played a couple hundred hours before it came to steam. Need proof? If you were to see my in-game inventory, I have two weapons that were given exclusively to closed Beta testers. I like to skip the wordiness and go straight to the pros and cons, which will tell any reader what they need to know right away. So here you go: Pros: -EXCELLENT gameplay. I have not found melee combat that is this fast fast paced and action style in any other mmo game. And heck, if I want to shoot stuff, I can switch to my rifle or sidearm, which leads to my next point... -TONS of weapon variety -A large variety of obtainable characters with unique skills -Great character progression can be found in the game's deep modding and level up system -Some pretty nifty asthetic items from the cash shop if you are willing to pay $$$ -VERY nice graphics -A growing 'map' variety -A growing variety of playable mission types -(sometimes) interesting boss fights (see cons) -An awesome clan(guild) system with the best modular clan dojo (ie guild hall) system I have ever seen implemented -Practical matchmaking/social system -Fairly frequent updates with great content and almost always game mechanics updates/additions -This game expands and gets better with EVERY update Cons: -Can get very grindy and repetitive after a while -Cash shop currency is a little on the expensive side compared to other games -Missions can feel somewhat linear -(For some people) Time gated crafting -If you play in an online party and are looking for a fun, challenging boss fight, prepare to be disappointed (a large majority of the time): You will often get connected with much higher level players who are grinding for rare materials and will kill the boss in about 2 hits (on the other hand if you want to craft that awesome sword but arent strong enough to beat said boss, this could be considered a pro) Note: I have yet to play the newest update, but it looks like the devs have yet again crafted another unique game mode that makes this game even better. Update: I've now played a couple hours in the Archwing update. It adds new quests and an entirely new gamemode to be unlocked. It also adds new factions that you can join and earn sweet rewards by gaining reputation with them. Once again very impressed by the diversity the devs have managed to bring to this game
game-hours: 437.9
review: Let me just start with a brief summary for those who don't have time for a wall of words: The game is marred with frustrating deaths, interesting AI, and a questionable free-to-play model, but, it can be played both as a single player and coop experience and thanks to a good starting package for just downloading the game, it's well worth a try. Now for the meat: When I saw that this game was free to play, I assumed it was an MMO of sorts - surprisingly, it's a cooperative 3rd person shooter  la Borderlands, or even sometimes feels like a micro MMO (seems contradictory in name) like Destiny. Fortunately, for those with social awkwardness or whatever social disorder you have like myself, you can set matchmaking to "solo" and you get to play all by yourself! Huge points to the devs for adding that, but, this comes as a double edged sword. Firstly, this solo mode means going into some missions - even ones you have clearly outleveled - feeling like the odds are stacked against you tremendously - especially in the "domination" styled missions where boss mobs and tons of trash mobs are taking capture points left and right and you are the only one trying to juggle capturing the points while trying not to die - and boy can dying feel SOOOOO painful and frustrating in this game due to it's free to play model (which, I will cover in a minute) Secondly, the solo mode promotes people, like myself, wanting to play alone, and with how the game is set up with over 200+ missions, each of them their own individual instances, finding a group for some of the pettier missions is near impossible, and I think the solo mode only encourages other players to only do public match making when they arrive at a far-too-difficult of a mission for them to handle. Let me tell you, it was the most depressing realization I had when I clicked "public matchmaking" and waited for about 10 minutes to do a single mission which would take 10-15 minutes to complete. I pressed shift-tab to invite friends and saw my only 2 friends on Steam, both offline. A single tear rolled down my cheek. Starting the game out you'll get to pick your own free items to play with; 1 of 3 warframes (let's consider warframes champions like in Dota or LoL) you get to pick 1 of 3 weapons for each slot; 1 primary weapon, 1 secondary weapon, and 1 melee weapon. The options are fairly good at the beginning, too. I grabbed the bow and have been finding it the most useful (to me) out of some of the bought weapons. There is no hub world, in fact there is no free-to-explore mode. As mentioned above, the whole game is done through missions, each their very own instance. During these instances, the level design is very nice and old school, where there is a clear defined path to the goal, but there are many alternate routes and secrets to discover if you go off the beaten trail. On the other hand, there are about 15 or so non-story related missions per planet that take roughly 10 - 20 minutes to complete, and every single mission on the planet uses the same tile-set, meaning by the end of completing a planet, you are down right SICK of seeing the same scenery over, and over again. It does get boring after about an hour of gameplay, to me, due to how samey it can get. The AI are not the worse I have ever seen, and in fact they are fairly reasonable, they just tend to do quircky things sometimes. When I haven't been detected yet, I have seen them walk in a single spot, spinning around in circles. They also seem to prioritize cover over EVERYTHING ELSE. I have literally been chasing a guy down half way across a large open room because he was rushing to get to cover. Sometimes, they fall in love with their cover so much they like to just stay there - which is probably the most annoying quirk, but isn't too much of a problem. Now, the one we have all been waiting for: THE FREE TO PLAY MODEL Boy, this is a tough one to crack. While on one hand it seems pretty fair. You can't buy power as even pieces you can spend hard earned, cold hard cash on are locked by an experience wall, requiring you to have played a certain amount before even being able to spend the money on it. Most weapons and warframes can be bought as a blue print using in game currency. The blueprint is then used to craft the item through in game materials and a little bit of in game currency, but, honestly, in my opinion, I think the game is still asking a lot for you to pay in game currency just to get the blue print and again to have to craft the item (let's not forget the grinding for crafting materials too). To me, it almost seems way easier to spend my cash on the item rather than grind out for this stuff - especially because there is no in game map (as far as I am aware) that points you where to find some of these materials, and one of my pet peeves with games is when a dev expects you to look up a wiki on this kind of thing. This information really should be within the game. I am appreciative of all the various aesthetic items you can get; from different colours you can unlock, to vanity items for your warframe, or even vanity for your weapons, I love it! I am a huge sucker for this kind of thing, but things get irksome with the pricing. I don't know if I have ever seen such an expensive free-to-play model. You have warframes costing 250-350 Platnium, weapons costing 100-250 plat, and vanity items costing 50 - 100 Plat, And of course you can't ever convert your hard earned cash to exactly the equivelent amount you need for the transaction, nope! You can only buy plat in $5 for 75, $10 for 170, $20 for 370, $50 for 100, $100 for 2100, and TWO-HUNDRED DOLLARS for 4300. Before long you'll find this game can easily, VERY VERY easily cost more than a brand new game on launch! Then there is the matter of revives, which is probably the WORST free-to-play SIN I have ever seen in a free-to-play game. Revives in game cost cash. Yes, you read that correctly, revives cost real money. Granted, the revives only cost 3 plat per revive, which is fairly trivial amount, but like I said, you can only buy in $5, $10, ect incriments, which means when you run out of revives and plat, you have to drop another $5. Yes, TECHNICALLY you DO NOT NEED REVIVES. If you die with no revives, you simply fail the mission. But, man, did they make this the most punishing way to fail a mission. "Oh you died! Hold on 15 seconds.....Okay, now we are going to load....okay, now here you are back on your ship. Oh? You wanted to retry that mission again? Well just open up the map, select the planet, scroll to the mission, select the mission, wait for the 5 second count down, load the mission, watch the intro to the mission again, and now you are good to go try it again!" I don't think I have ever play a game that has made death so aggrivatingly painful before, and couple that with poor feedback when you are close to dying, I have had NUMEROUS deaths where I didn't even see it coming, one minute, I am full health, full shield, next I'm plastered across the floor. What happened? Why isn't there some sort of an alert when my health is low? There is no visual indication that you health is low other than the very tiny health bar at the top right. Then when you die, you can either decide to spend one of your revives, or just forfeit the match, both options are so incredibly painful to choose. To conclude; the best thing I can say is give it a try, especially if you have some friends, but be careful if you play solo.
game-hours: 70.9
review: Very fun game, once you figure it out. It has a learning curve, but it isnt too bad. The game is just very different from most other games I have played. The best way to learn how to properly fit your Warframe with mods and equipment is to check out YouTube and the Wiki. Those are your bestfriends. I started playing earlier this week and didnt have a clue what I was doing. I just knew that I had this Warframe, a primary, secondary, and a melee weapon and a planet with some places to go. I followed the "tutorial" (which is really pathetic) and ended up back in my spaceship wondering, "Ok, now what the eff do I do?". Talking in the chat is basically useless, most people (from my experience) ignore you and the others just say you are noob for asking questions. Thats when I turned to YouTube and the wiki. If it wasnt for them, I would have quit after the "tutorial". The game is pretty fun, overall. You do missions solo or you can team up with up to 3 friends or 3 random players. The Warframes range from Melee to Tanks to Support (Hell yeah, Im talking about Trinity). There are many weapons and items in the game and companions/sentinels, and every single thing in the game that I have saw so far can be earned in game without paying a cent. You can pay to speed this up by just buying what you need, but why, when you can do a small bit of farming and get it yourself? Or you can make a few high lvl friends and have them drag you around for a while (Go go gadget Rhino Prime). If you enjoy RPGs/Shooters, then you should give this a try. Its free, so why not?
game-hours: 43.5
review: probably for now its meh
game-hours: 19.3
review: Bloody cool. Can be a prick of a job finding players, but still, bloody cool. Like an army of jedi assassin ninja viking pirate robots cool. And I dont mean the force-bothering-robe-wearing kind.
game-hours: 1003.3
review: This is basically pay to win, with all the limitations to inventory, weapons and warframes for you to use. Despite that, the mechanics don't necessarily mean that it punished F2P people. All items can be gained in time,All Warframes are easy to acquire if you got time and the mechanics and free updates are sweet. Slightly repetative, but new updates ensure that we won't necessarily be bored with it for a long time. Not for everyone, but I recommend this for people who like something new and fresh.
game-hours: 147.2
review: .
game-hours: 5.8
review: this game is the must play game
game-hours: 51.9
review: It's a great game but It kinda gets really repetative
game-hours: 539.4
review: on this monumentous hour which steam should have given me an award for ill have a smoke and reflect on four hundred twenty hours of third person shooting with a curvy alien ninjas shooting the different types of enemies and running away running like a ***** cmon shields hurry up and fill up!! even just single player im playing it onmy one day off. fun for free ninety nine!
game-hours: 558.6
review: Nice and unique game. Weapons, characters, missions make the game worth to play until you encounter with a bug. Game has so many bugs. My advice play only for fun don't waste your time.
game-hours: 53.6
review: A very entertaining game. I would 100% recomend it!!!
game-hours: 1.0
review: I played this some before and without having a lot of hours onto the game I can say it looks promising I know people who have played this to much for their own good. Also I like the fact that unlike most mmorpgs where you do not really become "badass" untill you played for a long time here you are a flippin ninja from the start! Cons: It is still an mmorpg which means it includes grinding which I am not a big fan of It can sometimes be unclear with where you need to go As with all games where you can fly around (not literary fly) you will get stuck. In general though I recommend atleast trying it :D
game-hours: 151.6
review: Do you think being a ninja is awesome? How about being an alien? Well, what if I said you were both an alien and a ninja? That's how awesome this game is. For a free-to-play game it's very well made and allows co-op for those difficult missions. I have been playing this game for a while and I know that it's one of the best games I have played. If I were you, I would download this.
game-hours: 89.3
review: Play this if you like running, gunning, swinging a weapon, doing flips, and using special powers Warframe might fill the void. While the gamplay is fun it is definitly a "freenium", you can work for a $5 dollar item by continously grounding for hours and some times days, then wait for hours to days for the item to be constructed. It's only a shame when you done this work for a sub-par machine gun or a frame you aren't particulary fond of so I reccomend looking up what thing does what. Levels/Enivoronments look nice and rooms are randomly generated so you'll start to see the same environments after awhile. While the bosses are varied and vary in terms of annoyance, enemy types are few inbetween with gun guys and melee guys and robots. Despite some of those issues you can have fun without spending a dime. It is especially fun, and in some casses neccessary to have a friend(s) to tag along on missions depending on what frame you/they are using. I played significantly less on account of the endless grinding and me being satisfied with the weapon/frame I already have but it was fun little distraction that is free to play while it lasted.
game-hours: 1.2
review: A great combination of ninja and science fiction I love it alot.
game-hours: 697.7
review: great game
game-hours: 179.6
review: :))
game-hours: 17.1
review: If you like parkour, ninjas, space, shooting, , and  like things hanging off the back of players heads then this game is for you. It ruins friendships. But its fun.
game-hours: 8.1
review: its fun but if you fall out of the map or off a bridge and land on a pipe or in a hole you are trapped and have to restart
game-hours: 431.5
review: I did not have high expectations for this game. How ever the visuals are nice if your running a Nvidia and can turn the particles on.
game-hours: 94.2
review: really good game if u know how to play it and this game is a true free to play everything that can be bought by real money can also be crafted ingame
game-hours: 2.4
review: Pay To Win, avoid at all costs.
game-hours: 1.6
review: nice game,but requres the mouse button in order to revive character,should be able to revive with game controller aswell! best graphics for a 3rd person shooter,but it's missing something
game-hours: 87.9
review: Played at a freinds house look pretty cool!
game-hours: 46.6
review: I enjoy this game very much but there is still lots ot work out for game play wise. It is a very free base system in my mind. Meaning that the direction isn't there really but i like that about it. it dosent matter how you gt your self through the missions as long as you do the steps needed. you can go back and forthe from the start of a level and back agian with out any problems. it's fun but needs more of a story or maybe just a little more gam play depth. its a great shell but i feel its lacking. Over all i love it and will continue to play. Can't wait forthe updated later versions.
game-hours: 77.8
review: This game is free and amazing. Its worth while.
game-hours: 101.8
review: Great game! Love the crafting!
game-hours: 7.0
review: pretty fun, nice graphics
game-hours: 303.2
review: Warframe is a fun romp with friends. You play as the Tenno, a sort of space-samurai-ninja-wizard-gunslinger-warrior that is reintroduced to a galaxy at war after years of slumber. You fight three different races: the Grineer, a genetically engineered, augmented race of humans from Earth; the Corpus, a federation of trade interests with the focus on profit and advanced technology; and the Infested, an amalgamation of races that are infested with a pathogen akin to the Flood or any zombie/infestation archetype. It plays as an action third person shooter. It's good fun once you put some hours into it. Starts off weaker, but as you get into the meat of the game, unlock a weapon or two, and a week later get a warframe or two, it's good fun. But only with friends. This game is a slog if you're going solo. A moderately enjoyable shooter. With friends, it's an enjoyable crazy shooter/slasher. The biggest hurdle in this game is time. You need time for everything. Crafting components for weapons, creating warframes, mining for crafting supplies, it all takes time. Platinum, the premium currency, propels everything along in a quick fashion. Platinum, however, is not cheap. If you enjoy this game, put in $20 or so. Only buy things you need to buy. Don't buy weapons or warframes. Only use the platinum for affinity (experience) boosters and advanced components like forma or gear like orokin catalysts/reactors. View this game not as a purely free game, but a low-cost game. $20 or so will make this game extremely enjoyable, especially if you have friends. A definite recommend if you have some samurai-friends to help you slay some space baddies.
game-hours: 3.1
review: this game is amazing. I am a huge fan of anime, japanese cartoons and it has tha feel to it. But, with amazing graphics. In the graphics department it reminds me a lot of TimeShift, which is a plus in my book. LOVE THIS GAME. My wife and I are going nuts over this game.
game-hours: 2.7
review: good game
game-hours: 538.0
review: This game was my #1 F2P of 2013 and so far still is. As for being a F2P game, it is being treated like a P2P MMO with its constant updates while it continues to evolve. Not to mention DE's awesome involvement with the community it has accumulated ovver the past year. Warframe has enormous potential and is heading in the right direction. If youre looking for an action packed Shooter with a large amount of RPG elements, this game offers that and then some. Dont be scured! Ninjas Play FREE!
game-hours: 596.0
review: This is a free MMO fpshooter game with a lot of action and extreme fantasy ... Join now ... you'll like it ...
game-hours: 471.2
review: From the makers of Unreal and Unreal Tournament, incredibly fun, if flawed in some places. Don't let the metacritic rating deceive you. While most of the criticism is well-earned, it belies the fact that there is a very solid, entertaining core here. The gameplay reminds me a bit of Hellgate or Borderlands, in terms of its fps-rpg play. The weapon variety, however, is more interesting along with a crafting system that keeps you coming back day in and day out. You won't find a gripping story here, but you will find yourself curious to explore the possibilities, balancing effectiveness with a style that suits you. This is a game that makes farming fun!
game-hours: 19.6
review: its a really fun, fast paced action game
game-hours: 7.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 6.1
review: one of the best f2p games i've ever played! U have to try it! It's free!
game-hours: 4.5
review: nice game but u will resolve the crash "display driver has stop working.."
game-hours: 2.4
review: yus
game-hours: 1.9
review: just installed this game and made a video and, BAM its a very nice game and now really one of my favorites immediatly :) I recommend this game because of the graphics and gameplay and it's F2P so that make's it even better ! Try the game :)
game-hours: 628.9
review: this game has been epic since i got it in the open beta all im goin to say is look at the hours i have played doesnt mean i sit here all day everyday playing this game what i mean is i have been able to sit here play the game for a few days put it down and come back to it and still enjoy it ive never got bored of this game i just wish that would make alot more like this. its also very social despite running in a four man team so people are always willing to help you newbies out. the level system is great as well becuase you can master everything build everything then reset the mastery and do it all agen only you can upgrade it at restarting the mastery so you actually gain somthing from it there were a few little glitches at first but you know what game doesnt ether way i recomend this game if you like games like gears of war halo this game is defianatly perfict for you if you have problem coming back to games later on like myself which i was very suprised with this game love it. keep up the good work guys and i shall come back soon im just starting my own side project for somthing simular 10/10 gamplay 10/10 weapons (when i downloaded this game at the start of open beta there were not many to choose from but know there are loads) 10/10 socialy this game is one of the best i found 10/10 in general Chucky
game-hours: 1009.3
review: this game is very nice play it
game-hours: 21.7
review: An awesome action game jam packed with ninjas in space
game-hours: 112.2
review: warframe is "ninjas in space" litereally. you run around shooting stuff and if you get in a pinch you slash it. pro's 1. decent shooter with swords (though they become useless at higher levels) 2. enought weapons and gear to keep someone interested for a few months 3. decent missions. cons 1. everything wants platinum or you have to build it which can take some time. 2. the free storage slots are pretty restricting even if you do decide to build lots of things. 3. feels a bit grindy for a shooter
game-hours: 2.1
review: Absolutely brilliant game, full of action, suspension and tension. Hours of enjoyable gameplay that will never get old, this is a remarkable game .The graphics of this game are truly incredible i will most definately recommend this game to everyone that i know.
game-hours: 141.3
review: Great graphics, smooth gameplay and extremely addicting with tons of gameplay to play. Sometimes does get boring grinding levels but all around a great game!
game-hours: 231.1
review: I like the game, but I dont like the way you can get stuck while walljumping. What should be added: is a button that auto-unstucks the player, returning them to spawnpoint. 10 sec cast, getting injured interrupts, can only be used from the ESCAPE menu.
game-hours: 1080.0
review: ALthough is a bit buggy or lacking in some very small areas, it si still in beta, and the developers are very passionate and constantly adding new stuff. Early on it might be hard to get going, but with just a bit of time invested, this game can be so fun. The multiplayer system is also quite unique, as there are no servers but instead a host in every group of players, which can be very beneficial when playing with friends close by. This game can also be a bit hard on your computer, but it is written very well as far as i can tell, and loads very fast. I do recommend that you try this out, and if you dont like it the first time, come check it out later because it will most definitely have new content.
game-hours: 1187.0
review: simple third person shooter that is great as a pass time. really not much to say about it other than it is a space ninja game with a story that is a work in progress and a good devoted team of devs that add content frequently.
game-hours: 3.9
review: Amazing! Great animations, amazing characters, and more! You know what, im not gonna spoil it, get it for yourself and see for yourself! Trust me, you wont regret it. =3
game-hours: 36.3
review: Insanely fun, Had me hooked after the first few battles. Keeps me coming back to build my frame.
game-hours: 188.5
review: fun as , plenty to do, and you can do everything in game with just time and deication, no money needed to be spent.
game-hours: 861.4
review: this game has a great start waiting to see where it will go in its time this game could last for years that all depend on the team we'll see .......
game-hours: 25.2
review: greata!!
game-hours: 1723.3
review: Great game, lots of content, Joining a clan make the whole even better.
game-hours: 17.7
review: THIS GAME IS EFFIN AWESOME BRAH. BUT IT NEEDS pvp. :[
game-hours: 988.4
review: Fast paced and acrobatic cyber ninja combat with gun swords and sweet powers.
game-hours: 13.8
review: this game is what destiny should have been
game-hours: 0.5
review: Amazing 3rd person shooter, definatly play it... NOWWWWW
game-hours: 103.4
review: This game is shamazing, it has everything I want. I love the mechanics and endless customizations, but sadly I play on a really bad PC and to get 60 fps non-stop I havge to put the graphics settings on really low. At least I could play, but during update 15 I keep getting lag spikes even at low settings and 60 fps. Basically it sucks. One of my absolute favourite games but now I can't play it anymore. If you buy a new PC to suite this then what happens when they release another update and another and another. Money wasted when the game was amazing as it was. :)
game-hours: 12.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 0.2
review: Fun And Bloody. Also... YOUR IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 16.0
review: This is a game about space ninjas. Nuff said, 10/10
game-hours: 96.5
review: Though it has its bugs and glitches, this game is incredible. I've always liked ninja-introduced games, and this is one has proved its self to me. Pros 1. Kurbows: These mutant dog-like creatures may attack you when untamed but when you destroy a Kurbow nest to get an egg (I don't know the logic in that.) you have a chance of getting your own companion. Though I like Primes as well. 2. Good Surplus Weapon Arsenal: Some games don't have many weapons for you to choose from, but Warframe does indeed. Going from a sword and shield to a nice shotgun, Warframe keeps providing weapons for even the stealthiest of Volts. 3. Plenty of Warframes to buy and choose from: Most games say: 'Once you choose this character you will stay as that one forever.' Well, some of them do. Though it cost lots of platinum to buy them, it's worth it for me to test out the others. Cons 1. Constant Control Glitching: I found this to be a real nips twister. On an obstacle course I was half-way there when I needed to wallrun and wallclimb at once. I can't tell you how many time I've dealt with the controls bugging out on me. 2. 'Platinum. All the Damn Time.': You'd basically need platinum for most of the stuff you buy. You would've thought they'd cut you some slack and make that low priced too since it's hard to earn platinum other than the common way, buying it. I'm not being greedy, I just think you should be able to buy more things with credits. Overall, the game is good, but some major patches are needed.
game-hours: 85.4
review: Like a poor man's Destiny, but has it's own flavour... me likey 10/10
game-hours: 79.9
review: The game is pretty much an endless grind to get better items... but I keep coming back to it.
game-hours: 75.3
review: Totally the best Free-To-Play Sci-fi MMORPG gmae i have ever played! there is a lot of content and is not really a pay-to-win game. This game gives so many boners just by looking at the smoothe graphics!
game-hours: 3.5
review: stopped playing it a while ago, but its pretty good!
game-hours: 30.6
review: Amazing gameplay fun combat system and sweet character growth with flawless multi-player!!!
game-hours: 2202.3
review: Space Magician Ninja's.......need i say more?
game-hours: 8.9
review: Very fun and addictive. This game boasts tons of collectables to enhance your playthrough, and gameplay immesnly. Although at times, Warframe may feel like a grind to get that item you really REALLY need for crafting, If you got your friends to back you up, your pretty much unstoppable! I would reccomend Warframe to people who like -RPG's -Third/First person shooter games.
game-hours: 395.8
review: one of the greatest games i have ever played, you will get hooked on it for weeks at a time.
game-hours: 292.0
review: a must have game.
game-hours: 62.4
review: It is a game developed for players who like sci-fi, cooperative missions, ninjas, and cool graphics all mashed up to form Warframe. The game itself is excellent, but the parkour actions are kind of sloppy, if the sloppiness is fixed, then the game would be great!
game-hours: 130.1
review: Warframe is an extremely addicting game that allows the use of futuristic weaponry to obliterate all of those who stand in your way. For a free to play, this game allows you get equiptment that you might usually need to spend real money on. The game also includes a vast amount of customization from what weapons you use, how they look and how well they preform in combat. The bosses all have unique characteristics about them and the weapons and warframes to choose from makes it quite difficult to find someome who has the same loadout as you. Playing by yourself or cooperating with others gives you 2 different approaches to the game and only experiencing both will give you the best view. The (somewhat) interactive maps, skills and randomly generated maps (I believe) increase the epicness of this game. Although this is a good game, the maps can sometimes be quite repetitive and dont have many unique aspects to them and the mobs you face tend to be as well. The bosses you face, however, are quite different in how they fight and what their weaknesses are. The gameplay can be similar to many mob grinding games, killing enemies, collecting data and sabotaging key points while levering up your equiptment. You can explore the maps and find materials and resources needed to build newer and more exciting things. As you kill your enemies, they sometimes drop these tablets called mods. These mods can upgrade ur equiptment by increasing damage, reload speed, fire rate ect or can apply new effects like frost, fire or electric damage. As the level of your equiptment rises, the more upgrades you can apply to them. Mods can also be fused together with others to make your starting mod stronger at the cost of a higher energy cost. You can also combind unwanted mods together to create different mods you may want. Overall, this game is one of the best free to play games I have ever seen a high level of excitement and customization options making me come back for more every time. It is a very well thought out and addicting game that exceeds all my expectations for free to play and pay to play games.
game-hours: 132.7
review: Imagine this as Halo 3, but with more customization and in 3rd person.
game-hours: 160.3
review: I LOVE IT!
game-hours: 36.1
review: Freakin' awesome game! If you like freakin' awesome games, this is one to play.
game-hours: 14.9
review: Scyfy shooter? YES PLEASE!
game-hours: 1.5
review: couldn't open......
game-hours: 335.6
review: I thuroughly enjoyed ever minute i have played and will play. the only thing i look forward to is the possibility of new characters which i think would be amazing to add more with an already adverse set. hope to see more great things from these artists and their game
game-hours: 980.5
review: Simply brillant fun as hell! Grafx are off the charts!!! ++++++++++ free to play not pay to play lots of crafting grinding missions is still fun LOT's of custumizing Best Community I have ever played with -------------- Pay for inventory slots (go figure) drop rate on some items are not just rare but very very very rare hard to get a game going off of the main branch ( I blame the players tho) Grafics 9 Gameplay 9 control 8 Community 8 FUNFACTOR 10
game-hours: 1863.7
review: Yes... JDubs go download this game right meow.
game-hours: 1059.4
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 835.9
review: Warframe is fun. Pretty graphics, fun shooting, interesting 'class' ablities. monetization seems fair, though it is kinda pay to win, I CAn earn anything gameplay related with time
game-hours: 6.5
review: Great game! Takes a little getting used to controlls but once you do you realise that they are fluid and make the game that much more enjoyable.
game-hours: 11.8
review: Pros: -Smooth Third Person Shooter -Stunning Graphics -Various ways to approach objectives -Maintains the MMO Identity by having diffrent classes support each other -Tons of customisation Cons: -Freemium game. Pay to win -If you are not investing a lot of time to this game, you're not going to get cool stuff fast This is basically mass effect with less skills and no apparent storyline. Other than that, this is one heck of a shooter
game-hours: 2.6
review: Great graphics and awesome experiance
game-hours: 262.6
review: Fantastic game that will last you hundreds of hours. At the time of writing I have about 130 hours in this game. I am no where near completed with it. The devs release new content constantly. Not just new maps or new enemies, but entire new game modes and features. They listen to the community and are very active in it (for example they often host streams on twitch in which they show off new stuff, discuss warframe, and give away prizes. they also recently did an AMA on reddit). Business model: The premium currency is called platinum. platinum is used to purchase items from the in game store, speed up a number of processes, or it can be used as a trading currency between players. The game is not pay to win. IIRC some of the best stuff can't even be purchased, it has to be unlocked. If you spend money on this game you are buying convenience and/or cosmetics. A large number of the cosmetics can be unlocked in game. Gameplay: Ninjas, in space. You run up walls, throw knives, swing swords, and defy laws of physics-- like a ninja. But you also shoot guns, visit all the planets in the solar system, and utilize different exoskeletal frames with special abilities. The environments are varied and rich, and each level randomly generates. There is a nice attention to detail: Enemies being cut in half by your massive sword, corpses being pinned to walls by your bow, and baddies fizzling on the floor after you zapped them to death. It makes you feel badass. There is also a lot of customization. every piece of equipment can be modified in look and stats to fit your prefference. As you use a weapon more, it unlocks more potential to be upgraded. Graphics: Great. The art style is amazing. The particle effects from weapons and abilities make combat extremely pleasing to watch. The lighting in the environments is brigth enough to see what you are doing, but it isn't a flat ugly light. This is the sort of game that becomes more enjoyable the more you play it.
game-hours: 1.6
review: Best FTP~!
game-hours: 654.1
review: ing Space Pirate Ninjas VS Aliens. 10/10
game-hours: 745.7
review: A game worth to be recommend... Start farming and happy hunting Tenno... the patch is fast... and the most and most important... Free to Play...
game-hours: 10.4
review: love this game
game-hours: 170.0
review: If you don't want to be addicted at this game then don't play it.. Once you get to the middle of game u will never stop playing this game trust me. It's non stop fun. And all weapons can get buy not buying cash. And never buy Prime Access. Because some of them are not worthed trust me. and u can get 25/50/75% discount platinum so don't ever buy Pack in steam. It's not worthed. First week: This game guns is hard to get. Second week: Okay, it;s really easy to get guns. Third week: Hard to get character Four week: get the hang of it Five week: ohh 75% Discount 4,1k here i come. Six week: Yea Prime items Seven week: Orokin so much fun. trust me you can't stop playing this game once you play it. it's really damn   fun.. sorry for swearing lolol trust me go play this game instead of TF2 no offense. TF2 get bored easily and it's not a fun F2P game. THIS IS THE BEST F2P GAME EVER. NINJA BE FREESTYLE .. 69 STYLE OH YEAA
game-hours: 5.8
review: Want to play more but the launcher is horrible. First time? worked. Second to 50th time? failed. Renstal to play. I mean the game is good, but the launcher is bad, I will try the none steam version.
game-hours: 253.7
review: The game offers more then alot of content for a free to play, the melee and ranged combat are stylishly combined and the randomly rearranged levels, bosses and random events makes the game maintain my attention for the long hours, you can join a clan for even more features but i will admit i had to spend money to keep my interest in the game but after the awesome space ninja combat fun i had with the game for 30 or so hours i felt like the game deserved my money. This game will be fun for you it is just up to you if you will take advantage of all that it offers (for free) that will determine how long it keeps you interested, the best way to play is with friends but the online co-op works well enough. Update: Its been a few updates since i played, the new content is very cool and the ship hub is a great system but once you have made it to the point in the game where you have rank 30 (max) gear the game does become a massive grind for mods, money and resources that being said you only reach that point after many hours of a fun great free to play and there is still plenty of content to explore. positives: Great gameplay, mixture of melee and shooting, parkour and abilitIes Many Locations, mission types and randomized maps Customization of all of your stuff Negatives: Mod system is still a headache at first Grind gaming after a while
game-hours: 40.2
review: I like this game. It's best free to play game. I recommended it.
game-hours: 353.6
review: a good game for everone who would like to play
game-hours: 242.1
review: A really good game, the only thing it needs more planets and missions, and they should made golem the infested assasain.
game-hours: 8.8
review: This is a F2P run and gun in 3rd Person...it has tons of customization and AAA graphics. A must play for a free game.
game-hours: 61.5
review: GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 10.8
review: Games really fun and cool but if you dont want to spend real money on new weapons and warframes, be prepared to play for a looooong time
game-hours: 4.6
review: Awesome fun game
game-hours: 268.7
review: This game is very good. A lot like Mass Effect 3's online coop...
game-hours: 273.3
review: This Game is just awesome.You can make own warframe.
game-hours: 11.9
review: i would love to play this game......but it just wont start -_-
game-hours: 177.7
review: not bad of a game nice flow, you can be a ninja
game-hours: 18.3
review: [Before I start, I'd like to say that I understand that this game is in alpha stage.] There are a few bugs that annoy me, but when I can load it, OH is it fun! [P.S Optimal system settings? Its real hard to change settings]
game-hours: 117.5
review: buy this game or ill make you buy htis game
game-hours: 1077.5
review: amazing game online and single player, you can play campain missions with your friends and other online people, but you cant play against them but hopefully in future updates it'll change maybe
game-hours: 58.2
review: It's a blast and i hope it evolves into something bigger
game-hours: 394.0
review: An easy explaination of this game would be robot ninjas in space. Even though it is still in beta it is a surprisingly solid 3rd person shooter rpg. The skills, suits, and weapons are widly varied and has a little bit for everyone to build a style all of their own. The maximum in a squad is 4 making it very easy to find a group to play any game content with unlike some mmos where many areas require 6 or more just to think about going to. Add to that the fact that new content is coming out almost every week and this is definatly a game to keep your eye on.
game-hours: 190.0
review: Fun game to play, a little more if with a few friends pay to win is kinda still there but to be expected of a F2P game, almost everything can be earned without paying for it buy takes so much time. Crafting new items like weapons or new frames takes ages to find the materials for,save up enough credits and then the build time can be at least a few days, perhaps the devs could shorten these build times to make it more enjoable for people playing free. Other than what I said before still great fun to grind through.
game-hours: 2.2
review: This is an awesome ninja game!!
game-hours: 12.0
review: Free to play shooter, great leveling system all items unlockable in game
game-hours: 6.9
review: Linear, but fun. Game is easy to understand, better with friends, and has a pretty cool upgrade system. I havent paid a dime and I do not feel obligated to.
game-hours: 16.6
review: SPACE NINJAS THAT HAVE GUNS AND SWORDS. WHAT MORE CAN YOU WANT IN A GAME. 10/10 DOWNLOAD IT NOW.
game-hours: 115.5
review: Great Game, Lots of fun.
game-hours: 145.4
review: yes
game-hours: 108.8
review: It's all about the platinum baby! That's what Benjamin Franklin would say if he played Warframe. This fast pasted co-operative shooter is loads of fun, but very addictive. Play as any of over a dozen supersoliders ("warframes") and defend our solar system from threats. This mission based game is free-to-play, but will require a bit of cash to access all the features.
game-hours: 2.6
review: its...(mysterious)
game-hours: 5.7
review: 10/10 best ninja future game 2013
game-hours: 460.8
review: I would rate this game 9/10..................... if you were able to get good hosts. Otherwise 6/10, just because bad hosts ruin the core gameplay of this game. The game is great, just lack of dedicated servers makes this game frustrating and annoying to play.
game-hours: 32.2
review: Fun game for several days then the reptitive missions start getting to you. I recommend the game if you need something to kill time with. Other then that, prepare to grind.... alot
game-hours: 1018.2
review: Warframe is a free to play game where player take on the role of Tenno, legendary warriors of old that wears suits that were called Warframe. This game offers more than just any normal third-person shooter game, it includes free-running (AKA parkour), special abilities, stealth capabilities, weapon modifications, warframe customizations and many more. Gameplay: Simple and easy to learn the basics but hard to master. Like i said, this game introduces parkour skills which will require the player to be more mindful of their surroundings, which includes anything that the player can interact with or makes use of in taking advantage of the battle of 1-4 warframes vurses many. For example, the player is able to sprint, slide, jump, handspring backwards or even rolling to the side so that it will be harder for the enemies to hit and easier for the player to manuever around and take the golden opportunity to kill. There are many styles to play this game. There are the spam the ability user so that the enemies wont get the upper hand, stealth ninjas (LIKE A BOSS) through a mission without being seen or tripping the alarm, rushing through the mission without having to engage the enemy or even "RAMBO" the mission. Aside from the action, this game particularly impresses me with the customizations of weapon or warframe modules (mods). This is a more tricky part of the game as it requires the player to research or find out more about in the wiki. Whatever modules the player put in, plays a part in the players overall playstyle. Did i ever mention about different factions? These factions have different types of AI, though some are similar but it requires the player to think on their feet as difficulties may vary based on the player's playstyle. Thus, it is easy to learn but hard to master. Crafting/Market: In Warframe, their in-game currency are called credits and there is also another in-game currency called platinum where player choose to trade real money to platinums having the players access to items that are sold in the in-game market. Though it may look like it is pay to win but it is in fact not, as this game requires the skill and knowledge of the player to progress through the game smoothly. And most of the items that you can get in the market can be crafted by the player, provided the player has enough resources and also the blueprint to build that particular item . Drops: This game is infamous for its not that stable RNG that somehow prevents the players to get the particular resources in that mission. Thus, born the art of grinding in warframe and everything else just becomes boring. Tutorial: Unlike other games, never skip the tutorial as this helps the player to understand the game more, and hopefully the player can progress the game smoothly without having to quit after the first 3 hours of playing and still not understand of how the entire game works. Overall: This game is ok but there is rooms for improvement such as the stealth system and tutorials and drop rates so it is better for new player to stick to the game because of smooth progress in the game. Due to this game is still under beta phase, there will be changes in the near future, either for balancing or testing out some items or events.
game-hours: 58.0
review: At first glimpse, this is a good looking game. However, after playing it for hours without spending any cash at all, I have bought only a couple of gears. It's not bad, just too f*****g hard to make money, gain exp. Other than that, you'll spend a lotta time in this game.
game-hours: 283.2
review: Great game, different, but a new style to shooters
game-hours: 1243.1
review: You can fly by twirling axes in the air. 10/10
game-hours: 16.5
review: This game soo fun but it crashed too much and thats not good
game-hours: 324.9
review: Great free to play game. Love how much it has to offer.
game-hours: 0.9
review: its good game i have it in my xbox one too
game-hours: 8.1
review: This game is awesome, great for co-op with friends. And amazing graphics for only 1GB download!
game-hours: 20.1
review: Ngga dis shet is gud
game-hours: 212.4
review: This game is about runnning up walls and shooting arrows at aliens faces... What els do you need ?
game-hours: 41.5
review: love this game been playing for a long time and its not a pay to win type game as you can make most of the weapons or sell ingame items to other players to make platnum. graphics are great and the gameplay is smooth. give it a shot!!
game-hours: 4.0
review: While I'm not a big fan of most Free to Play games, Warframe is one that I could come back to and have some fun with. With a lot of stuff to get, fun gunplay, and a rich and vibrant community, Warframe is definitely a Free to Play game you should at least give a shot.
game-hours: 10.4
review: best free game i've ever played
game-hours: 156.6
review: Great game.
game-hours: 102.5
review: This game fun.
game-hours: 113.4
review: Really nice game. Graphic level - animation, textures and models are wonderful. Battle system is easy and interesting, setting is not pretentious and enjoyable. Everything which affects gameplay can be farmed or crafted. A bit boring and monotonous, but really gives joy. Try it out and form your own opinion!
game-hours: 13.4
review: Warframe is... an ok game. I wouldn't go as far as to say "It's a good game" or "It's better than Red Faction Armageddon with the download corrupted and a Zip bomb inside the download". (If you don't know what a zip file bomb is, Google it) anyway... So you play as a robotic alien... robot called a "Warframe" you have to complete missions on different planets with a wide range of people from around your set area. All the levels look like blatant rip offs of the previous level the only difference is that the colour has gone from dark green to dark blue. You can customise your Warframe, well, to an extent. At first you can only customise your Warframe's colour which doesn't make any difference seeing as you only start off with 5 colours of the rainbow that even Van Gogh wouldn't touch. You get upgrades for your weapons (though I can't tell the difference). The final verdict: I'd rate this game a 4/10 due to the repetitive levels, tedious plot and the god awful character customisation system. Where it says "Do you recommend this game", Steam should have a third option from 'Yes' and 'No' it should be labelled 'Meh'.
game-hours: 190.5
review: Fun Fun Fun. if u like mass effect 3 muliplayer this game is a must for you. everything in game that cost money can be gotten in game from playing it and getting parts, blueprints, etc. if there ever a game you should try if u like 3rd person shooters, with hackand slash features. Also the game is in the beta and they are trying out a stealth approch system to the game, for those of you that like to sneak or stealth about. a must try game cant wait to see the final product
game-hours: 12.0
review: Brutal game
game-hours: 9.5
review: Very, very, very fun co op game. Even when the enemy's are very strange looking
game-hours: 1.8
review: scaricatevelo subito..........  GRATIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 87.5
review: Great game love the animations of the dive shot runing on walls and backflipping
game-hours: 553.9
review: This game right here is a prime example of what game are in the end: an entertainment medium. Surely it is fun it be inside a story driven RPG, taking a role of a fabled hero in the quest to save the world, but sometimes you just want to have fun. Space ninjas, swords, and explosions have to be at least a bit fun
game-hours: 49.1
review: good free to play game
game-hours: 1.0
review: friend speaks highly of it so giving it a try. looks really cool so far tho, im excited
game-hours: 10.8
review: yes!
game-hours: 40.8
review: Fast paced over the shoulder space shooter. Very fun when it gets wild
game-hours: 90.2
review: Amazing only thing is my PC sucks so I can hardly play
game-hours: 64.4
review: Fun game thats not your average run of the mill free to play,very fun.
game-hours: 727.1
review: I love this game its fun playing with your friends. Building some stuff takes a little bit of farming but its not a bother to me. Other than that theres nothing elts to the game
game-hours: 38.5
review: YOLO SWAGGINS THE THIRD IS IN THIS GAME'S CORE! :D
game-hours: 11.1
review: This game is pretty fun. At first when I saw gameplay of it on youtube, I thought to myself that this wouldn't be a game for me, but here I am playing it and having fun. You should have some fun and download this game.
game-hours: 1010.4
review: NINJAS IN SPAAAAAAAAAAACE! Who can hate that!?
game-hours: 317.4
review: As someone who's played a lot of the game (225 Hours as of when I'm writing this), I can say it's overall a pretty good game, and it's all but boring. It is, however, fairly repititive in its play, and you have to either A) Get used to a lot of grinding and waiting, or B) Spend money to get things quickly and the way you want them. It is pay-to-win in a few senses, but everything you can get by spending real money, you can get by waiting for in-game time-limited, occasional alerts, which give the same things out. As far as grinding, it's like every other game with an RNG that tends to hate or love certain players. It has a fairly balanced player market, in which you can sell these *rare* items you get from the RNG to other players for Platinum, the credits you spend actual money for. So, in a sense, spend time on this game and you can convert it into practical real money. Over all, this game is pretty well-done, especially as far as graphics go, and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes MMOs in general, even though the themes and genre may not please others, along with the lack of lore. Either way, it's a solid game.
game-hours: 213.6
review: Chop,Chop,Chop,Space Ninjas aaannnnddd more chopping Totally awesome
game-hours: 533.2
review: What's the purpose in this game?
game-hours: 87.4
review: !!!
game-hours: 8.8
review: This is a really fun game if you are the type of guy/girl who likes grinding.This is so much better with friends but also fun playing alone or with strangers and the best part it is free.
game-hours: 0.9
review: A really nice game to play with action and many missions to finish.
game-hours: 137.9
review: Get this game now unless you dont like sifi ninjas with cool powers and wepons saving the galaxy
game-hours: 559.3
review: OLD REVIEW of APR 2013: Team or solo based sci-fi third person shooter, quite fun! NEW REVIEW of SEPT 2014: Be wary, as Perfect World Entertainment has their gritty claws on the title and I fear this game would become even more grindier than it is now. NEWER REVIEW of OCT 2014: It is an OK game, good for wasting a couple hours of co-op fun but there is one glaring flaw with this game is the lack of new map content. Seeing the same map chunks used in levels will get tiresome and tedious, especially when grinding to get those rare resources you need to make a new frame or weapon. Build time for weapons and frames are unacceptable, do you really want to wait 12 hours for your new weapon or 36 hours to play with your new frame? I sure don't. Also the UI as of Update 14 is intrusive, clunky and screams console friendly. Your ship's AI is annoying but thankfully you can mute him. Some rank tests are obnoxious, particularly if you are no good with such skill. I am still stuck at rank 8 because I am god awful at mandatory stealth and refuse to rank up. However, I do like the weapon and enemy designs of the factions as well as the lore and history injected into them, which can be read in-game via the Codex. The game has a lot of potential, but it needs more map content, a lot more to keep somebody who loves procedural generation in video games.
game-hours: 50.7
review: one word : AWSOME !!
game-hours: 9.1
review: This game fun. and the main feture is. can co-op with everyone. I love this game.Warframe
game-hours: 132.5
review: This is the best game that I have ever played. I can't believe it can possibly be free to play, but there is one problem, the updating. The launcher is horrible which is such a shame, but still GET THE GAME!
game-hours: 128.4
review: It's like borderlands, but less focused on the story and more focused on the coop gameplay, and a lot grindier. You grow your warframe to be powerful enough to wipe huge hoards of enemies and blow  up. Pros: - tons of different guns (and my favourite: bows) and melee weapons and even more mods to modify them - fun and satisfying gunplay / gameplay - many warframes (each warfame has different abillities) - very fair free to play model - endgame and many events Cons: - grindy - can become repetitve - it's like cocaine But in the end you are still a badass bloodthirsty alien god.
game-hours: 38.6
review: Yet another hack-and-slash RPG. Unoriginal, yet somehow fresh. Warframe combines standard shooting with hack-and-slash gameplay for a familiar, yet new experience. The basics are simple: you have your suit, your sword, and your guns. Now go kill stuff. Mindless yet attention-keeping, while at the same time testing your ability to adapt to a new situation. The game is riddled with environmental hazards and enemies of increasing strength. From the hideous Grineer to the scavenger race Corpus, you will never have a dull moment. That is... until the FPS starts to tank. For some reason, this game has horrible FPS issues, to the point that some have nicknamed it "Warframe-rate-drop." The devs are continuously figuring ways to make the experience less of a pain, however. I would at least pick it up, if you like hack-and-slash games. Don't worry about lag, as you don't have to play online. You can go it alone, or go with up to three buddies, or if you're feeling adventurous, three completely-random-people-you-found-in-chat. Have fun!
game-hours: 8.8
review: Would be perfect if it had a single player/campain option
game-hours: 456.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 439.3
review: After one of my favorite games shut down and was nowhere to be found in English ever again, I went on a hunt for another free-to-play game that was 1, graphically pleasing, 2, NOT pay-to-play or pay-to-keep-playing, 3, not repetitive, and 4, worth playing. I found this gem of a game a bit before it went on steam and adored it. This was over a year ago, and this game is still one of my top ten. Why it's a good game! Look at those GRAPHICS. For a free-to-play game? They're good. Also, sometimes you can get a really awkward Grineer ragdoll when you pin it to the wall with an arrow or something. Anything you want to get, you can buy, yes, but you can also get EVERYTHING without spending a dime. Takes a while longer, but you'll get it! It's constantly evolving. The devs work hard for each update. If I get bored, all I need to do is wait for the next update to liven up the game. The voice of the players is heard pretty well. I made a complaint about a planet being out of whack, and I got a response within half an hour. I like that. WALL-RUNNING?!?!?!?! SPACE-NINJA?!?!?!?!? SPECIAL ABILITIES?!?!?!? I like cool stuff. There are clans and stuff. People are generally nice. I have yet to find a reason to describe the community as hostile, besides the usual trolls. Why you might not like it! It starts to feel like grinding sometimes. A little. But gaming involves time investment, so it's up to you whether or not to take a break and come back later to a less tedious task like farming materials or straining for that next rank. Can't really think of much else. It's all minor stuff. Typical hazards of gaming, y'know. So yeah. Try it. If you don't like it, move on, if you do, move into the game and enjoy it. Pew pew.
game-hours: 1084.2
review: I love this game, I will be honest the constant need for platinum is irritating (If you want to good stuff without the LONG grind) but the gameplay is smooth, the weapons can be amazing when modded to your liking, and the maps are beautifully done. I can't recommend this enough, not everyone likes it but hell - I LOVE it.
game-hours: 0.6
review: GG
game-hours: 6.5
review: Great game. It costs money for xbox one, so to a next gen console game for free on pc is awesome.
game-hours: 13.0
review: Great game! Good gameplay and its quick and easy to get the hang of.
game-hours: 933.6
review: 100 %
game-hours: 1.7
review: recomended
game-hours: 25.6
review: yeah!
game-hours: 39.6
review: excellent graphics for a free game. rpg format 3rd person shooter. most items in-game can be bought with credits earned from missions or the blueprints to create them via farming materials so you really don't need to spend $$ on platinum, unless you're impatient. love the set up. a lot of fun. the mission's maps are randomly generated, too. makes it interesting.
game-hours: 3.6
review: love but my pc is very bad
game-hours: 60.5
review: One word JUST AWESOME :D (Y)
game-hours: 9.7
review: Cross platform space ninja game...good grind
game-hours: 134.5
review: it is a amazing game
game-hours: 62.4
review: This game is super fun if you like a samurai based gamestyle with guns, explosions, and powers. RATATATATA BOOM BOOM BOOM
game-hours: 3.6
review: Great game, really and truly. The gameplay is great, the graphics are top notch, the lighting is very interesting as well. the fluidity of the combat, from the gunplay to the sword play is very nice. There are also unique ways of getting around the maps: wallrunning, sliding, super-jumping, ziplining, etc. Once you play the game for a while you start to get the hang of it and learn the tips and tricks, it really is alot of fun. This game isn't without flaws however. The crafting system is a bit tedious, sometimes taking hours to compile all the materials required for something. Gaining money/experience also takes a sufficient amount of time. All in all, this game is very fun, very entertaining, and can keep you locked in for a while. BEWARE: your pinky finger will want to fall off from holding ctrl for so long...
game-hours: 540.7
review: Is a good and fun game to play with other but is too hard to get good gear and after a while it gets very repeating the alert mission and coop missions
game-hours: 7.6
review: Great casual game
game-hours: 17.0
review: aWSOM aCTION GAME DEFINATLY WORTH GETTING
game-hours: 796.7
review: The most awsome game ive ever played! play it and you'll be attached forever! lol
game-hours: 731.4
review: Words can't even describe.
game-hours: 393.1
review: snoop doge says yeh
game-hours: 67.0
review: Not so much pay to win as much as Pay to not grind as much... overall Definately worth a play.
game-hours: 133.2
review: They say that the first step is admitting you have a problem... Well im admitting that im flat out addicted to this game
game-hours: 1105.1
review: Naturally I recommend this game to ANYONE who loves to run around a space ship killing the bad guys while being a super awesome wicked space ninja!! Also missions on planets. Obviously. Online co-op, third person sex all in one!! And it's RARE for me to like any kinds of these games o.o
game-hours: 169.0
review: this game is very intruging, there are so many diffrent styles of getting through each wave.
game-hours: 41.2
review: Warframe! Where 10 MB updates last a lifetime!
game-hours: 9.8
review: I give this a 5/10 because it crashes way to much for me... BUT it is still a great game. It looks great the gameplay is perfect I love it... So I recommend that you play this badass game... really... play it now... Also it is one of my most faveorite F2P games ever.
game-hours: 496.1
review: best game ever definetly recomend it
game-hours: 131.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 210.6
review: Almost 200 hours and this game has more bugs than an F rated resturaunt... but...200 hours...
game-hours: 42.6
review: This, No doubt i recommend. It is so great, and its co-op, so you can play with your friends, and it is just fun after you get the hang of it. Trust me, play for more then a day, and you'll love it.
game-hours: 238.9
review: This is pumped up with lots of action keeps your mind so foucsed you can't tell what time it is SO FUN!
game-hours: 25.9
review: Really is a good game, but the update's take foorever to download and install. And it's very frequently updated too which makes it a pain in the . 7/10.
game-hours: 630.2
review: Awesome game very rewarding apsolotly free every thing can be earnd your a space ninja warframe is a must play
game-hours: 142.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1.9
review: Not Bad !
game-hours: 11.7
review: Its a very nice game have funny style of playing nice gore effects unboring levels and nice weapons, but there is one thing it wants too much system requiments for a free too play game (it has nice graphics but thanks to my wooden pc its lagging even in minimum)
game-hours: 60.7
review: lol game
game-hours: 15.9
review: The fast paced gameplay of GunZ mixed with the graphics of Mass effect and a dark scifi setting makes this game highly addictive and beyond what you'll expect from a F2P Game.
game-hours: 36.8
review: Alien cyborg ninjas in space - I think that's all you need to know.
game-hours: 1.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 193.3
review: Just look at the number of hours Ive played this.
game-hours: 6.5
review: u could say its bananas dun dun dunnnn
game-hours: 39.9
review: My newest shooter addiction. So far liking the game, just looking forward to more story driven playing. The missions so far don't feel driven, just random. But awesome non the less. Graphics are great, sound is great, controls are easy to learn and understand.
game-hours: 658.7
review: still loving it, keep up the good work
game-hours: 202.1
review: Absolutley Fabulous
game-hours: 21.7
review: BEST FREE-TO-PLAY FPS EVER!!!!
game-hours: 155.7
review: This Fun Game is probably one of the best games on steam, there are many different types if weapons you can use as well as characters. This game is worth downloading, ITS ALSO FREE!
game-hours: 428.2
review: Just get passed Mercury, you'll love it.
game-hours: 19.8
review: YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
game-hours: 11.4
review: Warfrane is a pretty fun game. Each mission can last a while, granting you several hours of a gameplay. It is best played with multiple people.
game-hours: 1201.9
review: good game with lots of BLOOM!!
game-hours: 246.0
review: Awesome game! :) I enjoy it. Did not like it at first but once I got playing it, I got into it. If you need someone to play with just let me know
game-hours: 20.2
review: This game is great i like the gameplay but i think games that are free to play try to make you buy things or it makes it harder for you too play untill you buy stuff that will help that is anoying but other then that its a good game
game-hours: 443.3
review: Pretty good game, lots of options for various play styles, Slow to start, but once you get the ball rolling, you learn it all quickly.
game-hours: 37.0
review: Great game but i would recommend you get platnium for completing planets but you get about 50 platnium so you can buy it also but if you complete a planet you also get
game-hours: 317.1
review: Great F2P game!
game-hours: 32.9
review: It's very nice
game-hours: 20.6
review: Great Game, Great Display.
game-hours: 157.5
review: this game is Amazing for a F2P!!!
game-hours: 452.5
review: Brilliant game. Lots of fun. Start playing everyone! We have a clan with a dojo you are mor than welcome to join :D
game-hours: 17.7
review: Mimo problemw z optymalizacj na pocztku warframe doczeka sie wkocu porzdnych usprawnien ktre pozwalaja nie tylko go uruchomi a te cieszyc sie wszystkimi jego wspaniaymi aspektami takimi jak cooperacja swietne efekty wizualne ,przemylane lokacje system usprawnien broni i wiele wiecej nawet na slabszym komputerze przez co jest to godna polecenia opcja dla ludzi lubiacych gry pokroju quake, ut czy tez podobnych ,godny polecenia shooter sieciowy
game-hours: 27.7
review: Very Fun game way to much grinding for me (pay to sleep), if you have the time or cash this is a very addictive game
game-hours: 20.8
review: Awsome game just one prob Pay to Win
game-hours: 6.1
review: Cool Games
game-hours: 86.9
review: great game
game-hours: 251.2
review: Very repetitive but awsome!
game-hours: 12.8
review: :D
game-hours: 62.7
review: Made in Ontario
game-hours: 3725.4
review: The concept art design is top notch. This is the main reason I recommend this game. I believe it is done by the same artist that did the design for Pacific Rim, Don't be Afraid of the Dark, and Borderlands 1's alien weapons -- Keith Thompson. The weapons and warframe feel very unique, blending organic and mechanical feels together. Almost like Giger's works. Gameplay is grinding heavy but kinda fun. The system has a lot of depth, like the damage 2.0 system, which allows some theory crafting. Gunplay is OK, animation is OK. Overall 5/10. Mediocre but there is nothing else like it on the market (other than Mass Effect 3 multiplayer which I refuse to pay for to Bioware).
game-hours: 103.4
review: Getting back into it after like 4 months not playing. OH GOD ITS SO WEIRD FEELING
game-hours: 264.3
review: this game is alright for f2p would recommend for new users to steam not a bad start for 3rd person shooters. Not too much expierence is needed which I like it flows pretty easily throughout most of the gameplay. I would only say that it has minor perks when it comes to the movement and controls if your like me who didnt watch the tutorial, good luck trying to figure out what to do but once learned its straight foward from there. So in conclusion on a scale of poop, 1 being tt, 12 being dog  its like a 4/10
game-hours: 70.2
review: Pretty good So Far...
game-hours: 23.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 143.3
review: Go0 D g AmE12
game-hours: 145.7
review: Cool
game-hours: 5.1
review: this game is fun -_-
game-hours: 14.6
review: yo the ember chick is really a dude i'm just saying
game-hours: 395.3
review: Highly Recommended, especially if you can make small cash purchases. DE iis an awesome company, and I love this game immensely.
game-hours: 94.0
review: gucciframe
game-hours: 411.2
review: ninjas in space.
game-hours: 91.4
review: I am a space ninja and I approve of this game.
game-hours: 769.9
review: Great game, Fleshed out mechanics and fun parkour make it a great and fun romp in the outerspace countryside
game-hours: 567.9
review: One of the most AMAZING games I've ever played!
game-hours: 1647.6
review: Det er et epic spil!
game-hours: 567.9
review: One of the most AMAZING games I've ever played!
game-hours: 1647.6
review: Det er et epic spil!
game-hours: 22.0
review: Probably the best free to play game out there, it's a co op third person shooter instead of the endless tide of WoW clones out there. has a slightly obtrusive micro transaction system, but considering its a free to play, there's not much to complain about.
game-hours: 20.5
review: this is the best game evahhhh
game-hours: 469.2
review: warframe is a game that i can say has made me a much bigger fan of the third peasron shooter form of games and not only shooters ,but the haack and slash as well. Cause of the mechanics that the game devs have took time to put into the game it shows up in the probuct and i do say that is game is at bare min 8/10 but if you love being a space ninja rambo man then this is the game for you. Now dont get discuraged by the limited inventory they give you some plat to get some more space if you go for it at the begging 10/10
game-hours: 1.0
review: Yes very actiony and fun, you will not be bored
game-hours: 25.6
review: Get it.
game-hours: 5.1
review: A great third-person shooter.I really reccomended it even dough the metascore is 67.The Levels might get repetitive but it's just fun that you forget about the repetitivity.ANd that's why out of 10 i would give it an 8
game-hours: 691.0
review: 4-key spamming sim 2014
game-hours: 257.3
review: Its easy to play and master some the weapons,apart of the tedious time needed to learn some of them.But thats what makes this game ticks.....
game-hours: 543.0
review: I love this game so much. There is so much to do in Warframe
game-hours: 60.1
review: Really interesting game for the first 30 minutes then you realize it has no end game and you're basically doing the same thing over and over and over.. over and over and over and over and over and holy  this is borring why are we still playing this
game-hours: 10.6
review: Amazing third person game. it DOES require a speperate account then your steam account, but it is super simple compared to other games. amazing costumbility and combat system. if you are looking for a game to play for hours on end this is your game. online multiplayer is buggy, if a match ends the game freezes on the loading of the menu, but minor bugs like that are to be expected in an open beta. amazing game. if they got rid of the in game "crystals", which is in game currenct that you have to pay for, and charged about 15-20 dollars for the game i would still buy it. amazing game. i give it a 11/10
game-hours: 148.0
review: EN: For me "Warframe" is one of the best f2p-titles on the market. Awesome visual style and effects, fast-paced coop gameplay and really fair free-2-play. If you like thrid-person-shooter you should definitely take a look! DE: Fr mich ist "Warframe" einer der besten F2P-Titel berhaupt. Top Grafik, schnelles Coop-Gameplay und faires Free2Play. Wer Third-Person-Shooter mag sollte unbedingt einen Blick riskieren!
game-hours: 68.9
review: F2P RPG MOE PVP 3PS! How many more acronyms do you need to realise this game is insane?!
game-hours: 12.7
review: I love it.
game-hours: 1623.3
review: It's a fun free play game. A solid B+
game-hours: 134.1
review: very very very good game. try it out
game-hours: 127.2
review: It has combat and upgrades similiar to mass effect along with a parkour movement system and cooperative gameplay. It's free to play but you'll probably spend some money on it for slots if nothing else.
game-hours: 1907.5
review: There's honestly no way to stop playing once you've started. It's easy to play and super fun with friends.
game-hours: 340.8
review: Sci-Fi and Ninjas are a good combo. :)
game-hours: 83.6
review: One of the more unique games I've played in recent memory: Loot grinding space ninja co-op RPG shooter. Going from planet to planet, clearing out all the zones and getting good loot, and upgrading said loot, is some of the very fun. Think 'Borderlands' but with a mission list on a solar map, good if you just want to do one match at a time or hunker down for a long night of gaming. This game can be a bit difficult to figure out at times, the movement and melee feel odd at first and many of the RPG mechanics have a sizable learning curve, but once I figured them out I found it very enjoyable and rewarding to play. The free to play model works well for this game, putting money into the game is more a way of saving time than becoming overpowered. Having said that I've put over $100 in to this game (counting the PS4 version as well). I haven't done much soloing in the game but it is an option if you prefer, however I find the co-op mechanics very unobtrusive and as long as you stay within an appropriate level range you won't have any trouble with other players. That's beside the point that the co-op is an intrinsic part of the game and more importantly is quite fun. A very fun and addictive co-op RPG shooter.
game-hours: 40.0
review: I just want more weapons to be free! jeez just only one its free and its barely good than the original!
game-hours: 79.9
review: Although I havent played much, this is quite a fantastic game. I would highly recommend this game to any one. Warframe is not an easy game and will piss you off everynow and then, but I always find myself playing again and again. Very addicting. Pros -outstanding graphics -gameplay -amount of levels -smart AI -the player movenment is smooth -free running -single player is great -multiplayer is much more intense and very fun -power up for person/guns/melee -big selection of guns to buy -the ablity to fuse multiples of one card together to make one better card -you can switch what side the gun in on your body (perfect for people who use the left hand for the mouse) -FREE GAME -LOTS OF ATTENTION TO DETAIL If you play close attention to your surroundings you can see the ever so slightly things that aren't super important for gaming, but it amazing me that the developers have done the little things, and that they have made this a free game. Incredible. Cons -You cant free run down/up angled slopes -using your melee weapon takes a lot of practice to actually be good at it -some bugs -levels can be excrusiating and long -having to pay actual money for platnium -ranking can be hard, but isnt awful -TRANSMUTING CARDS IS A BIG NO NO -I think level difficulties increase a littke to fast -only 12 different objectives -a fps option would be nice but kind of ruins the point of the melee weapon. Overall this game is great and its very easy to put TONS AND TONS of time into. This is easily recomended to anyone who loves a challenging shooter.
game-hours: 5.8
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 30.8
review: good game
game-hours: 20.8
review: nice
game-hours: 347.2
review: Amazing game love it!!
game-hours: 28.3
review: Really fun game when I first took a look I really didn't like it but then my friend got me playing it and learning about it.
game-hours: 25.5
review: Its a pretty addictive game but its best played with other people. If you try to solo the missions you will be quickly overwhelmed at the difficulty. You tend to run out of ammo quickly and the melee is difficult to pull off with so many mobs. Finding friends to play with or joining others will make your experience much smoother in this free to play game. You don't have to spend any money at all!
game-hours: 644.9
review: Warframe is a fun, F2P which tens of thousands of people enjoy very much. To me, Warframe is a great game! First of all, let's talk about the background info. Warframe is a third person game, which is comfortable to my liking circle, and there is a crosshair so it's not SO hard to aim in third person. There are weapon slots, which is good. And the variety of weapons are AMAZING. Bows, to assault rifles, to Corpus/Grineer rifles, to sniper rifles, to crossbows, to laser pistols, and many other weapons including melee. Melee is also amazing. I recommend this game, no doubt! More details here. Warframe's settings has a variety of choices, which is great for people with a weak computer, and also the HUD is very nicely set out in a neat and not all over the place setout. There is a global chat menu, with different sections such as the trading section, recruiting section and most of all, there are clans! Clans are a group of people, and the max member capacity is 1000, AKA Moon Clan. Yes, when clans reach a specific number of members, they will be known as a different clan. Such as my bosses clan Raindogs which is a moon clan. Clans have there own personal building, but we call them Dojos. Varieties of buildings are built in the dojo's, such as hallways, barracks's, weapon labs, and the newly updated lab, Warframe Research Lab! You can research and begin projects in the labs, but this feature requires resources. Well, I can't tell you anymore! It'll be a fun killer! Play this game yourself and you won't regret that you made an account!
game-hours: 20.3
review: gr8 b8 m8 I r8 8/8
game-hours: 7.5
review: epic
game-hours: 132.7
review: An amazing co-op game, even being F2P it's still triple-A standards. It's easily one of the best F2P games I've ever played, very addictive and very fun gameplay that never gets old.
game-hours: 69.9
review: Despite the confusing menu and mods, it's highly action packed and worth playing co-op. Awesome graphics. Levels are repetitive
game-hours: 32.6
review: This game is really fun and best of all FREE and it is now on PS4
game-hours: 386.8
review: I've played Warframe for quite some time now and it's verry well made, the Developers update every Wednessday, perform a live-stream every friday, and on thursdays the deves releace videos of what they refer to as "Prime time" durring wich they record and upload videos of there own playthroughs of the game. It's encouraging to know that they are so involved with the community and are so generious with there promotional givaways. It's free to play so the only question left is, what do you have to lose?
game-hours: 152.3
review: 150 hours played, enough said
game-hours: 19.2
review: Its pretty good... but I eventually stopped playing. You need friends to play this with you for it to be more fun, but that is just how it is with online games. The good -It looks good, it runs fine. Nice action and game mechanics. Challanging in a good way. fun combat, nice customisation. The bad -Can be boring, dependant on other players, takes days to get the good gear, tons of updates, going solo just doesnt work, you have to pay to get the fun stuff if you dont want to wait for days of playing. The ugly - man some of those enemies needs some plastic surgery, they look like someone beat the crap out of them. I would reccomend the game to people who have friends that are willing to play this and have fun with you. Otherwise I dont think you would have such a great experiance, but it is one of the greater f4p games out there. So atleast give at try and see what you think.
game-hours: 25.2
review: its fun but if you have a laptop with a grapics card 1696 mb or less you cant play it i never did but im jealous of those who can play it
game-hours: 3.5
review: Suprisingly addicting. :D
game-hours: 76.3
review: Very fun game. It takes a little while to upgrade your character at first, but gets better with a little time and perserverence.
game-hours: 1844.0
review: A little bit slow to start, but with a group of friends, or if you make it past the first few missions and get into the main portion of the game, it becomes rediculous fun!
game-hours: 10.8
review: Game is fantastic! Loot based mission structure that rewards you for how well you play similar to Monster Hunter, Torchlight or Boarderlands. Extremely fun multiplayer tactics avalible and the game has a very high skill ceiling. Early game is a bit of a grind though, you may find higher levels extremely difficult without a close nit team and the public team joining service is not totally realiable. Also- don't get the steam version! Steam sucks! Get the stand alone game at
game-hours: 153.7
review: I played this game since closed beta and watched this game just get better and more fun for me -Can get a little grindy though- But its free! So try it! Pick LOKI as starting class you wont regret it.
game-hours: 270.1
review: Lots of character customization available and super fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 189.4
review: Yes...
game-hours: 17.3
review: I totally LOVE DIS GAME, But one thing is, it needs to hold down on the prices for somethings, But otherwise, It's a great game! Be a ninja! Kick ! Like my everyday life on it! I give this game a full 8.9/10 on this! It's just wonderful! Now stop reading my stupid review and go try it out!!!
game-hours: 77.4
review: Sci fi co op shooter with phat lewtz! kinda borderlandish
game-hours: 67.8
review: emarfraW
game-hours: 813.9
review: A well put together game that is fun both solo or in a team, it conveys well the concept of being a space ninja in the future. The controls do have a learning curb, but are mostly simple and intuitive, though take time to master. In the end a very good game.
game-hours: 432.7
review: This game is my current favorite PC pastime. I heard about this game in the summer of last year, but I was not impressed by many of the things that were said about it. I also had doubts about it's controls as a third person shooter is not a standard for PC. All of this plus a strong love for Star Wars: The Old Republic kept me from investing any time to many other games. However, the fast paced action and parkour of this game have made me fall in love with this masterpiece. It's no wonder as DE helped create my all time favorite multiplayer FPS the Unreal Tournament Series. Try it people. You'll love it for the gameplay.
game-hours: 7.8
review: REALLY BADASS GAME AND BEST OF ALL ITS F2P!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 459.0
review: I spotted this game shortly before it came along on steam, and considered trying it out. I never got around to it, until it ended up on the front page of the Steam store. The game is built on randomly generated levels, and allows a huge amount of customization for your playstyle. Like running around wacking things? Like teleporting around the battlefield? Like picking off your enemies from afar? This game is for you. If you've got a few minutes, just download it and give it a shot. It's easy to get into, and gives a lot of gameplay. The only downside I've found, if you can call it one, is that not all of the movements and special skills/attacks are described in the tutorial. I personally find this gives the player some things to experiment with, and grows the experience of working on getting some skill in the game. It's free. It'll run playably on my Centrino 2 processor laptop. It's less than two (2) gigabytes, and it's about god damn space ninjas. Why the hell have you NOT tryed it out yet?
game-hours: 854.0
review: I've been a player in this game for about a year now, since its closed beta. Long story short: Monster Hunter with guns and space ninjas. Definitely a very fun game. It's currently in open beta and is constantly being worked and improved upon. There's alot of content in the form of Warframes (characters) and weaponry. Its lore is extremely interesting, but isn't fully implemented as of yet. For the most part, this game is all about "dungeon" running and gathering loot to make stronger/more interesting weapons/warframes. It can be a bit mindless at times, and it's greatly based on "RNG", thus if you're having a very hard time finding a particular item you want, it's best to just do something else for awhile - don't get overly frustrated. This game is one of the rare few F2P games that is NOT pay2win. You can craft every single weapon/warframe available without paying for it, and Digital Extremes specifically made warframe and weapon cash prices high to keep too many people from outright buying all their equipment. All cosmetics, however, are pretty cheap. The community is a mixed bag. Forum-wise....well, Digital Extremes is known for being extremely welcoming to the community. They talk and listen, and feel like human beings. This sadly is a double-edged sword. While some of us greatly enjoy this sort of interactivity with the devs, many forum goers take it for granted. The forums are almost always constantly filled with threads complaining about -everything- and people being overly impatient for a particular update. Recently, there was an outcry about a Flak cannon styled gun. When it was implemented, it was accidentally given Rifle ammo. Rifle ammo's capacity is over 500. Digital Extremes quickly fixed this by switching it to what it should have been: Shotgun ammo, which its capacity is 120. People cried about it, even though this gun is a -flak cannon- that does very high damage and shoots like a shotgun. It can even be charged to do even more damage. Complaints like this are always going on in that forum. I highly suggest only checking the forums for update and event threads. To add: Digital Extremes, as stated, is pretty connected to the community. Weekly dev gameplay livestreams, weekly updates, and bi-weekly livestream Q&A's. That's right: Every single week has some sort of update, and they put in quite a few patchfixes every week as well. I highly recommend this game. Just don't let the forums fool you, and don't get overly aggravated with the RNG.
game-hours: 102.8
review: I Love This Game! Seruuuu abis! XD Its Race, or we called it, Warframe... It's Power... The Alien... and of course... The Graphic... Warframe graphic is so Amazing! Cool! Game with 4 GB have this beautiful graphic? Come On, this is Amazing! Love This Game!
game-hours: 5.6
review: GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 370.7
review: I have been playing for 2 weeks now and so far have 216 hours in, I cant stop playing this game. It is a fast paced 3rd person shooter with decent graphics and great gameplay. The movements can awkward at times and the melee feels a bit sluggish but other than that I have no complaints. You build and research your own weapons from materials and blueprints you find through out your journey. You can also build sentinals, new warframes, equipment or take on a master challenge like me of building your own Dojo. The game has a great and helpful player base that is seemingly always willing to answer questions to the best of their capacity. It has a pay to save time system rather than pay to win, in other words if u can buy it, you can farm it. It should be noted however that the best items are earned and can not be purchased. This game has tons of content to always offer you a new challenge and hours fun gameplay while you grind out and learn new tricks to survive. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys shooters and grinding/farming games. If you decide to give it a play I'm always looking for new friends to run with so send me a msg, gamertag Dreoyast.
game-hours: 52.8
review: Fun game
game-hours: 846.0
review: Cant really go wrong, it's a Free to play Action MMO. A lot of fun but abit "Grindy" for weapons and Warframes (Characters) but very rewarding. they are also constantly adding new content. Have fun!
game-hours: 122.6
review: Amazing game, amazing graphics, great plot,very fun to play with friends,cross platform, a new great idea for a game and all this.....For Free so yea I recommend it.
game-hours: 262.0
review: its nice and decent game, if u feel bored of tf2 just join here
game-hours: 1.3
review: so eager to play
game-hours: 5.7
review: Fun game when you get to play with other people! Works well and quite pretty on low-end computer like mine!
game-hours: 99.4
review: this is the best F2P 3rd person shooter iv played on steam and the best looking. 9/10
game-hours: 141.4
review: for high level it's boring -_- dunno what to do anymore :(
game-hours: 0.5
review: Ugh, boring. Reused level layouts, unneccessary grinding, crafting that takes ages, Not to mention the pay-to-win items, such as the other version of Excalibur. The mobs are unvaried and get boring to kill after the 1000th time to grind the kills for some stupid item.
game-hours: 1.8
review: Last update is stoping in download cache... :(
game-hours: 29.6
review: While the game has it share of problems (slow to start, absolutely no indication on what to do/how to proceed or even a simple explanation of many of the game's various mechanics). If you stick with it past those few tough hours. Warframe begins to open up and with it fun (the reason we ultimately play videogames). Warframe offers a few variations on the standard kill stuff approach, but ultimately repitition will still set in. This is mostly due to the limited environments and enemy types. However do not let those words steer you away from Warframe. At it's core, Warframe is the poster boy for Amazing in small dosages. Logging in and killing enemies with other random players might not sound fun; but I assure you it is very much so. The amazing thing that keeps you coming back is the crafting and leveling system. You run into games with people with different warframes and amazing weapons completely dominating the enemy, and that in turn makes you want to acquire new weapons and increase your warframe's power. Warframe is one of the few F2P games that gets it right. Every single thing that is available for purchase can be found as drop items within the game; how much time you put into Warframe has a direct effect on how much gear and items you'll get out of it for your character.
game-hours: 243.5
review: coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
game-hours: 214.4
review: Nice game , awesome graphic , very good co op , cool hero and free 2 play Recommended to play with you friend
game-hours: 2.3
review: gay
game-hours: 566.2
review: A game worth the hours. rewarding and very well put together even though its still in its beta stage
game-hours: 0.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 42.5
review: Awesome game, playeda few hours and I'm hooked, it's f2p and not really pay to win, they really support the f2p side and have awesome content coming out regularly. The gamplay is addictive and getting new warframes is the best!
game-hours: 615.8
review: !      .
game-hours: 6.8
review: Very cool Free-to-play
game-hours: 77.4
review: Is very enjoyable when played with others. Difficult to earn new items.
game-hours: 253.1
review: Amazing, get it.
game-hours: 319.9
review: Absolutely fun game considering the price of free. Though, as with all F2P games, convenience of getting things right away (and spoiling all the fun grinding for them) will cost you a pretty penny. Cooperative PvE game. Definitely not "Pay 2 Win". Best enjoyed with friends in a private group - unless you want to rush through the missions faster than the speed of light. Challenging for solo players (Not everything can be soloed!)
game-hours: 1371.4
review: This is the Sci fi FPS of 2014, there is no reason for Destiny to come to the PC
game-hours: 305.4
review: Good graphic , challenging , cool . totally recommend
game-hours: 119.6
review: The developers are jews but I can't stop playing. :^) 10/10 It's pretty good.
game-hours: 94.6
review: Awesome game played 85+ hours no it's not a lot compared to other people but for me that's a fair amount definitely recommend this game.
game-hours: 504.2
review: like it
game-hours: 2.1
review: Fico je glup.
game-hours: 5.0
review: IGN : 0/10 not cod
game-hours: 545.1
review: 11/10 best game evar sdisadoaidposaidap nyx prime for da win
game-hours: 614.4
review: My opinion of Warframe is biased towards how I find enjoyment (I like Grinding in games, no matter how trivial or boring). The gameplay is enjoyable, fun to parkour though there wasn't many places that used it until Update 9. The weapons and Warframes themselves are quite varied, although serious investment is needed to get the top tier equipment. As of now, the game is still in Beta but despite the bugs it's a highly decent Free to Play game. Nearly everything in the game you can aquire without any payment, it just takes time. So how much you're willing to spend is how much time you save with the game. You do need a lot of time though, some drops are very low and get lower if you're a collecter of items like me. Overall; if you have a lot of time, this is a great game to spend it, especially with friends. If you want to have some money free, you can wait for a log-in reward of a Platinum discount (Ingame premium currency) and buy some gear. Otherwise, if you just want to have fun for a while with little investment, start as an Excaliber and Slash Dash your way to victory one Grineer squad at a time.
game-hours: 106.3
review: Ninja Simulator 2013
game-hours: 674.1
review: Best-game-ever
game-hours: 630.4
review: So yeah, didnt think this would be good. i mean cyber ninjas? yeah....turns out i now have 250 plus hours on it. my favorite game to play on steam now :)
game-hours: 53.3
review: i think it is awsom :)
game-hours: 211.2
review: bio-tech space ninjas If John Woo made the Guyver, this would be the videogame tie in Did I mention...space ninjas?
game-hours: 953.0
review: This is a fun and fast paced sci-fi shooter with excellent gameplay. With a variety of weapons, "classes" and a unique level/ ranking system, it's a good free-to-play time sink. Micro-transactions can get a bit pricey, but taking advantage of sales as well as in game coupon rewards shouldn't make it a problem. Everything that isn't cosmetic or an inventory slot can be obtained without dropping a penny but luck and being online at the right times plays a big part in getting some of the rarer items. Overall a swell F2P shooter with good mechanics that is definitely worth anyone's time. Also space ninjas!
game-hours: 73.6
review: fantastic !
game-hours: 4.4
review: Fantastic game, just don't know why the metascore is relatively low. But in my opinion, it's a gorgeous game with really high graphics. I especially love this kind of co-op shooter which emphasis on teamwork. In a nutshell, this is a really amazing and definitely one of the most awesome free-to-play games out there. Rating: 8.5/10
game-hours: 16.0
review: Really nice game! Playing with friends, and killing some bots! You should try it ^^
game-hours: 2.7
review: 1 of the best free game awesome graphics and easy to understand game
game-hours: 0.5
review: Good Game Prfect
game-hours: 96.5
review: This is a great game, I suggest getting this game, since it's free and it has great graphics. I wouldn't suggest buying the packs, but other than that it's awesome.
game-hours: 325.3
review: Awesome game love that i get a bow to do headshots with!!
game-hours: 27.8
review: Warframe is a fun game. It makes me feel like a badass running through a level liking all, or sneaking in and assassinating. Trust me its awesome
game-hours: 808.3
review: This game is fun, dont get me wrong. But takes a long time to acumulate any descent goods.
game-hours: 17.0
review: bcoz its really good and ._. the gameplay was soooo ! fun :) and adventure..... dont worry when start u have nothing....the community got some nice people ;) soo dont be all lonely and try to speak out :D
game-hours: 9.1
review: For a free game warframe is amazing. I heard its supposed to be really good for consoles. Everyone shoud get it
game-hours: 81.6
review: This game is amazing i love it so much. highly reccomnend it
game-hours: 3.4
review: smells
game-hours: 116.0
review: great
game-hours: 260.3
review: Great graphic, good variety in ennemy type and weapon. All in all, this is a great game
game-hours: 30.1
review: Warframe, for me, has been the game that keeps on giving. It is incredibly action packed, the combat system is smooth and customizable, and the graphics are just beautiful for a free to play. While there are some set backs such as need/terrible pricing of platinum, this game is one of the best FTP's out there.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 23.9
review: i dont like warframe a little cuse i waited 12 hours and after waiting 12 hours thre was an update so havent played it yet
game-hours: 4.4
review: How do your activate warframe account
game-hours: 217.9
review: I was in this game for beta, so I'm not sure how the standard player feels about this game, but the steps it's taken all the way up were satisfying and interesting every step that I could play in. while the original mod setup was fun, the trading card aspect makes it a more social kind of feel. Missions are randomly generated around common tileset, positive or negative, it's a feature that it is well suited to. Tenno (the player's class essentially) are an ancient warrior race in organic-looking powered armor, fighting a crumbling military structure and an intergalactic corporation... it's actually an okay overarching theme to the third person shooter market. While the "four revives" thing sounds terrible, if you're playing online there will be tons of squads. Teamwork is vital to solid gameplay, so lone wolves may need to spend a little time slumming it before finding a solid loadout. Overall, I like this game, and definitely plan on playing it more. Solid combat with simple controls at its core with a visually interesting thematic for the rest of the game. some sets are a little repetitive, but the sheer combinations of setpieces they're putting together is staggering, and they're always improving. Play it or don't, I've said my piece on it, Enjoy.
game-hours: 6.4
review: Amazing game, Awsome Engine, A Mix of Dead Space and Mass Effect Recommended!
game-hours: 192.6
review: Although this game is still constantly changing, I find that there remains one constant: fun. I know, I know. The missions all start to blur together and we all hate that dreaded escort mission where the prisoner goes full  and dives into a group of grineer, but truly this gamme continues to bring the fun. Day in, day out. It gets a little negative hype with the possibility of pay to win, but whether you spend $1 or $100 on this game, you still end up having an absolute blast with it. I definitely recommend this game...especially if you have friends to play it with.
game-hours: 50.6
review: Warframe is essentially like John Woo and Uma Thurman combined.
game-hours: 58.0
review: love it
game-hours: 300.9
review: FIGIN AWESONE
game-hours: 6.7
review: This is a great game!!!! Although it is in beta it is epic!!! get it!!!
game-hours: 6.3
review: This game has some pretty sick graphics. All though, if you have a crappy computer you might wanna turn down the settings.. by alot. The combat system is a bit difficult to get used to but when you do you feel like a total ninja bad***. In all, i really like this game and its amazing that a game this cool is free to play. Try it out.
game-hours: 539.7
review: Okay lets get this straight, this game at the time is still in beta. So many things are bound to change. I haven't found a co-op game as fun as Warframe in a very long time from games like Borderlands. The visuals are completely amazing ranging from tiny particles to them dramatic explosions to amazingly designed maps and scenery. The gameplay is ing awesome. I mean you get to be a space ninja, parkouring everywhere and blasting enemies in the face with various weapons. The community is also pretty awesome and is always growing. That about sums it up. I'm not a good writer so don't expect much. Overall its an awesome experience that got my eye the instant I saw it. Although stuff might not make sense to you if you're new to the game, so I highly suggest a stop at the Warframe wiki or the forums for advice.
game-hours: 805.7
review: Great game! Hard to stop playing it, once you finnaly figure out what it is your doing! :D
game-hours: 171.3
review: You're a space ninja praying to RNGesus in hopes of getting the phat loots. It's Diablo meets GunZ (if you can remember that !)--it's Borderlands without the gun customization and talent trees, and instead a new layer of grind bound to "mods" which allow for an extensive and delightful amount of customization one rarely sees in games such as this.
game-hours: 172.0
review: Can honestly feel pretty addicting sometimes. They fixed the issue of feeling like you never had enough money (by letting you earn lots of money in randomly spawned events). The guns and melee weapons are fun, if annoying to find a combination that actually works well. Progression can feel slow at times, which can be aleviated with an injection of cash, but damn near everything can be aquired through game play alone (if incredibly difficult due to randomness and availability of certain random items) The most frustrating part is how long new warframes take to aquire. You have to farm/buy 4 different blueprints that take 12 hours (three of them can be crafted simultaniously) and then you need to combine those three parts in a 3 DAY (physical days that is) for your warframe to complete. And even then a free account is only given two slots for warframes at any given time. This is odd as there's ample slots for weapons, but not even enough to let you experiment a bit. But don't let my nagging fool you, it really is a fun game for the most part. Definately worth the "free" cost if you're willing to invest the time. Plus, you get to be a friggen gun toting
game-hours: 30.6
review: Really smooth. clean, epic third person game that is worth i being free. As a compudder that isnt that much of a "video game" comepudder, it runs pretty darn smooth. 5 outta 5.
game-hours: 0.2
review: really fun. Sci-Fi + Ninjas = WarFrame
game-hours: 20.8
review: Rather nice game.
game-hours: 85.1
review: Really good fps ! Everything is buyable with ingame credits, no need to pay, just farm. Sometimes bluescreen happen, but this will be corriged, it's a beta ! I play with my friends and it's really cool, we can create unique warframe by using mods, and it's the same for weapons. Get it and play !
game-hours: 81.0
review: One of the best free to play MMO games ever made!
game-hours: 59.9
review: Not bad for a free game, but has a lot of recycled tilesets, grindy gameplay and just gets repetitive after awhile. 6/10
game-hours: 25.5
review: a huge thumbs up for it...it's an aweseom fun game
game-hours: 657.2
review: A good idea, I hope it lasts...
game-hours: 25.8
review: great game
game-hours: 18.9
review: Great Game
game-hours: 2.8
review: Amazing :D
game-hours: 3.0
review: awesome game i like how it is but it seems glitchy to me
game-hours: 171.4
review: Its a great game featuring three different tiers of enemies you fight through and on the way you encounter new people and things such as clans where you can build new and awesome weapon and new frames. Overall I find this a great game and it brings a new kind of element as its in third person view :D
game-hours: 1211.7
review: The most improving free to play title so far. No real endgame content yet just pokemon syndrome, gotta collect them all. But that doesnt mean it cant be fun on the way does it?
game-hours: 1554.9
review: One of the greatest free to play games ever to be made ! warframe is a game about these sort of space ninjas that have advanced superpowers that could do anything. They are called the tenno warrior of gun and blade, your guide is named the Lotus having do objectives like destroying a ships core to defending a cryopod and killing all s in the ship. When I first played this game I was liked shocked on how they have real planets on our solar system like earth jupitar and other cool planets to see an explore, warframe has 2 ways to get your stuff, you could buy them off what they are called platnums or build them if you have the right parts and a blueprints, warframe will get you hooked so easy and will make you want to play it over and over.
game-hours: 0.4
review: llllllllllllllllllloooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllz
game-hours: 569.2
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 408.5
review: good
game-hours: 89.6
review: great game but make sure you spend begining platinum on warframe slots
game-hours: 332.1
review: Fast, simple and fun co-op action. The control-scheme is particularly impressive, streamlined to make you feel like you look like you know what your doing at all time. Less cowering behind low walls, more sliding along the floor in 3rd-person shooters, thanks.
game-hours: 457.9
review: it looks usum
game-hours: 152.6
review: This game is the most fun game i have played in a wile. I recomend this to ANY ONE who enjoys a saints row feel and a space shooter mix.
game-hours: 25.8
review: it's very framable of war
game-hours: 510.2
review: Where do I begin with this game? It's mechanics are fantastic, it's fast paced third person shooter goodness, it looks good and plays good at the same time. Sometimes there are little bugs but I'm pretty sure it's still in beta so I forgive them. It's still a whole lot of fun!!
game-hours: 193.8
review: its free its fun..get it now
game-hours: 267.7
review: This game is really fun and addicting and I really recommend this game to people who like Ninja's, freerunning and fast paced combat.
game-hours: 7.9
review: its so awsome for a free game. the graphic are so sweet and the animation too.
game-hours: 46.6
review: fug yes
game-hours: 10.3
review: Warframe is a sci-fi ninja action game. It gives you the thrill of a assassin's creed and futuristic starwars skill game. In my opinion it is awesome. There are added features of character customisation and special abilities that you can use to over power you oponent. It also has an exiting speed up multiplayer feature where you and some friends can complete levels together.
game-hours: 383.3
review: love this game never gets boring awsome graphics and epic gameplay love it and best of all its free. if you like FPS games then this is a definite try this game should be one of the greats in MMORPG games its amazing from its intriging gameplay and mod customizations the possibilities are endless in the way you can crush you foes with your primary, seconday and melee weapons is defintly one of the best games ive played so far. this far surpasses other games such as skyrim, final fantasy and many others hope this was helpful to all who wish to play have fun
game-hours: 218.4
review: Space Ninjas. With guns. With Mag tanks.
game-hours: 19.8
review: i have no words to describe how frickin awesome this game is!!!!!!!!! A MUST PLAY GAME FOR A FAN OF THE SCI FI GENRE!!!!!
game-hours: 3.1
review: ......,,
game-hours: 3.9
review: can someone please help me i got a ultimate game card and when i enter the number in the promo box it said its invailed also when i cant see any other way to enter it because the only box i see is the steam box with the options for 3.99 ect, please someone help...
game-hours: 36.5
review: Crazy fun shooter with RPG background. Lots of upgrades, guild system etc...
game-hours: 9.7
review: In this game, you're a badass space ninja doing badass space ninja things who has guns. 10/10 "it's k i guess" -IGN
game-hours: 245.1
review: Extremely well done for a hack an slash. Would be nice if they add a pvp feature or expand on map layouts, but given its beta status, I'm quite happy with where it's at right now. Even spent money on it :O Thumbs up for sure!
game-hours: 9.1
review: GOOD
game-hours: 417.4
review: A game about space ninjas killing decaying clones and corportae , what's not to like? Also, did i mention that the different warframes (characters) can  up  in alot of different ways? Well, now you know.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Nice Game.
game-hours: 8.7
review: my review of this game is it is just awsome and i would recoment it to every one
game-hours: 3.0
review: yyyyyyyyyyyyyy'eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 28.3
review: i dunno havnt even played it
game-hours: 644.2
review: For a F2P this game is LEGEN-wait for it-DAIRY. Warframe has fantastic graphics with an excellent third person over the shoulder combat view remaniscant of Mass Effect, granted there is no cover system not that it is need with the fast paced action death machines the player inhabbits. Sum this game in one word......... AWESOOOOOOOOOOOOME.
game-hours: 40.0
review: the best
game-hours: 513.7
review: You can steath be a brusier or just be a flat out sorcerer
game-hours: 3.4
review: Amazing! Why Is This FREE TO PLAY?!?! Oh Well, Thank you Warframe Developers for being soooo amazing makeing such a game! its Exactly what i wanted in a game! Dungen crawling to an extent and then missions with customable powers and characters in a perfect 3D effects land of bad  guns and gorez!
game-hours: 1.4
review: BRAND X APPROVED!!!!!
game-hours: 51.2
review: its good
game-hours: 914.7
review: Warframe is a great game with alot of different yet intersting classes to play as. The level based nature of the game makes you feel proud once you've beaten a hard boss or created a new warframe. It does a great job of balancing the ability to make things in the game versus buying them. The game is also graphically impressive, yet not intense on your system, making it perfrect for almost anyone. 10/10
game-hours: 382.2
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1003.9
review: Ninjas + Space/Sci-Fi + Epic Weapons + Magic Powers + Zombies + Robots + Cyborgs + Explosions + A Ton Of Gamemodes = ING AMAZING, GG, DE (Digital Extremes), WHOO!
game-hours: 13.9
review: A cross between Monster Hunter, Tenchu, Left 4 Dead and Halo. Brilliant!
game-hours: 16.1
review: Roligt spel! Pminner om mass effect fast mer ninja style i detta xD
game-hours: 375.8
review: Very good game, a lot of fast breathtaking action nad excellent graphics :) I hope they will make more classes and add few new enemies.
game-hours: 7.3
review: Very fast-paced and action packed, 10/10.
game-hours: 57.1
review: Interesting F2P game about being a space-ninja called a Tenno. The gameplay reminds me of Mass Effect 3's multiplayer where you run around 3rd person camera and shoot stuff while using four powers based on your class. Your class and weapons can all be modded with cards that you pick up by killing enemies, but you also need to level your gear to gain points to use to equip the mods. The crafting system takes extensive real-time (12 hours for most pieces of gear and 72 hours to craft a new Warframe which are the different classes.) I enjoyed the game, but I don't like the restrictions on F2P characters. You are limited to only having 2 Warframes unless you pay real money to unlock additional frames. Perhaps this is fair, but the only other option is to sell the warframe you spent so much time leveling in order to try out a new one. Do you get a lot of money for selling your old friend? No, you don't. If you decide that you actually liked the older frame more you have to gather materials and wait 72 hours to recraft and then relevel it. Not fun.
game-hours: 27.8
review: This game is amazing, really is. Runs on many graphics cards and everything. I got one problem tho, for some reason STEAM wont say i havve any hours or achievements even though i have over 200 hours... Anyway this game is great 2 thumbs up!
game-hours: 27.0
review: its great.dont know why i stopped
game-hours: 313.6
review: Space ninjas
game-hours: 41.5
review: hells to the yea wareframe wooooooo!!!!!
game-hours: 1099.3
review: With a great assortment of weapons and warframes to choose from Warframe can certainly give you a lot of playtime as you explore the solar system. It was the first game I have ever played which made me want to spend the money on it rather than finding ways to wring it out of my pockets. The development teams is great but after having invested over 400 hours of fun gameplay you do tend to lose interest. Overall a wonderful free to play game, definately worth your time to try. It does have a steep learning curve so bring a friend who knows or look at the wiki, that is being worked on but for the moment its your best friend.
game-hours: 158.2
review: this game is definitly worth playing, even though pvp is lacking but hey its still beta
game-hours: 1200.7
review: This game is by far one of the best games I've ever played. It can be hard to start playing, but once you get past that, it's the most action packed and intense game. With different variants of powers, weapons and movement, this game could easily consume hundreds hours of your life.
game-hours: 177.2
review: Fun Game if you like doing backflips, wall climbing, and lots of par-core. On top of a space shooter. So basicly your a freaking SPACE NINJA!!!
game-hours: 38.6
review: its majestic as
game-hours: 3.9
review: Smqrr... xD
game-hours: 217.1
review: Fun game but very grindy.
game-hours: 60.7
review: If you enjoy TPS or FPS or basically any shooter with amazing graphics, skills, mods, etc play this. I played this since Closed Beta and it's amazing. They continue to add more improvements and the game itself is beautiful. You can unlock basically everything through experience and effort. You don't have to cash out to get powerful weapons or mods. Play this damn game! Oh and the staff are awesome as well!
game-hours: 4.4
review: it's a nice game
game-hours: 1846.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 231.6
review: It gets very much better with each update.
game-hours: 82.0
review: FREE, is a big thing with this game. either you can grind out getting weapons. or you can buy things for real life money, or u can make them with things you will find on your missions.
game-hours: 3.2
review: well setup and qualiy game play
game-hours: 109.2
review: :D goood game
game-hours: 27.7
review: It made me so hot.
game-hours: 51.6
review: Honestly I like this game and its a great play. Except you have to test your abilities to level up. and you can only do it once every 24 hours and only one chance. I have tryed 3 days running and it just makes me more made each day. especially when you have the last enemy almost dead.
game-hours: 11.2
review: best game which is free in my opinion
game-hours: 93.4
review: cool game
game-hours: 56.9
review: It's really fun if you have freinds other wise it's a ;ittle hard but that might just be me.
game-hours: 6.7
review: Great game, but would be nice if there was a daily reward of platinum instead of having to buy every time.
game-hours: 202.1
review: Warframe is absolutely stunning! Not only is the game beautiful, but the story is deep, and the gameplay is fluid. It's an amazing game, and it's totally free. I hugely recommend this game. One side note, there is less lag if you turn bloom off, in the graphics options.
game-hours: 144.9
review: Infinity blade meets Metal gear rising....whats not to love? I havent played this game long and i know its still in production beta but just playing the tutorial got me hooked, the animation is stunnig(if a little choppy so far) hard not to feel cool while playing it!!!!!!
game-hours: 2222.3
review: Great art, fast-paced combat, great short-term fun, unintrusive cash shop. The skills are fun and responsive.
game-hours: 42.5
review: This game is excellent. I started off skeptical, but soon fell in love with it. It's got a unique playing style and a great system for personal development and cooperational playing styles. It's very fast-paced and requires brilliant tactics and skillful technique, but is easy for even the most basic of players to grasp. While it is excellent, it is also a bit boring at times, and can often leave one wondering whether or not it was even worth the gigs of memory and time spent on it. One concludes yes, but constantly doubts the aforementioned conclusion and begins questioning other life decisions such as, but not limited to: -Marriage -Career choice -College 8.5/10- would recommend.
game-hours: 422.9
review: best game ever must buy
game-hours: 1785.5
review: When it comes to F2P MMOs, they usually fall into one of these categories: Great Game, Terrible Community. Bad Game, Great Community. Pay2Win. Warframe, however, is the future of a third-person shooter genre of MMOs. First off, Pay2Win is non-existant. Nothing in WF (outside of a few purely-cosmetic items) is cash only. Infact, often times it's better to simply spend a few hours farming mats for a weapon/warframe rather than to pay cash to instantly get it, although the cash versions come with their own slot and supercharged. (And with the trading system, if you're willing to farm some high-demand mods or items, you can actually trade them for platinum to other players, eliminating any 'need' for purchasing period.) The gameplay is great. No frame plays or feels like the rest, even if they're of the same 'class'. Every frame's powers are unique and different, with obvious uses and plenty of not-so-obvious ways to use them to those who like being creative. The co-op aspect not only makes the game both more challenging and more fun, it actually rewards you more for playing with friends with things such as more enemies to slay, increased loot drops due to more enemies (no loots here, all loot and items can be picked up by all players in the mission), increased credit reward upon certain missions, and much more. You'll often begin missions in "stealth" mode, with enemies unalerted and usually low count (with a few exceptions). How you complete the mission is your choice. Do you embrace your inner ninja, silently waiting in a corner for a passing patrol to slice them up without anyone the wiser, or do you charge in head first headshotting everything and only looking forward to the assault teams coming for you? There is no wrong choice fellow Tenno; only your choice. But if you're a solo player, no fear. Warframe has a "Solo" mode that lets you play by your self. Especially useful if you don't want to be rushed, or want to practice on your own with a new toy. Also, being in solo will let you actually pause the game, for those of you who don't think ahead when you're pounding down those next 3 redbulls, or in my case, mountain dews. Be aware this is only when your game is set to Solo, playing in online or even private/invite only, well you better just hold it or find a safe spot to AFK. The game revolves around you, the Tenno race. As awesome acrobatic ninjas who use guns AND swords (best of both worlds right?), you're fighting against the Grineer, a sort clone-trooper space-nazi race intent on taking over the solar system. Aside from them is the Corpus, the robotic tech-based race who are only looking for the best 'business partners', and the Infested, a virus plague of mutations and creatures who would look like child of the Flood and Zerg. Your job? Keep the balance and fight the Grineer, and cleanse any Infested, and remind the Corpus not to cross you. The weaponry you'll use ranges widly. From your typical assault rifle, to the mighty bow and arrow (with a few hi-tech modifications), to explosive goo and plenty of just as unusual options in between. Melee ranges anywhere from dual swords, 2handed weapons, to a boomerang that sends your enemies flying and you to the floor laughing. There is no 'preset' anything. Wanna bring a shotgun and a pistol-shotgun? Go ahead. Want a high-caliber long range pistol to keep your sniper rifle company? Have at it. Want to be the standard AR and sidearm guy? Not a problem. No weapon is truely overpowered or useless. Admittedly, some weapons "are" more effective, wether all around or in specific situations or certain enemy types, but these weapons take either a lot of materials, or a lot of work to unlock (and all of these 'better' weapons cannot be bought from cash), so you always feel like what you worked for was worth it. But from the high powered Ogris to the basic Braton, it comes down to you on how effective your weapons are. The mod system. This is more or less your 'skill tree'. Each weapon and frame has 'mod slots' to be used to augment and alter abilities. Anything from elemental damages, to increased dmg vs specific factions, more ammo, split-bullets, reload speed, you can essentially alter everything (stats as well as appearance, via colors or skins) on your weapon except for making it look like food. And with a dev team like Digital Extremes, I could actually see skins like those coming. Warframe mods more consist of making your skills more power, reach further, cost less, to making your warframe a walking wall of immortal. The beauty of it: It's always changeable. Need some Fire to fight the infested but you were just using Electric to shock some sense into corpus? Simply go into your weapons mods via Upgrade option and swap it out. Nothing locks in, no need for resets, no worry. Experiment my hopeful future Tenno brethren; your possibilities are limited only by what you can dream up. Now, you may have read other reviews that say Warframe is "repetitive". Well, I could point fingers and say "So is every other MMO and almost every game out there", which I would be majority correct in saying so. But yes, it's true...But the difference is you won't 'feel' the repititon in warframe. Even if you run the same mission over and over, there's always variables. You could go from a 1 difficulty to a 5 difficulty (which affects enemy spawn in both stealth and alert modes), there could be enviornmental hazards, you could end up going through a completely different route within the same tileset and not even know it. Even without that, the gameplay itself is not boring to the point you get tired of playing. It 'is' repetitive, but it's fun to the point you don't even think about it. Wether you sit there never moving just popping heads off, or you run around like a banshee out of hell spraying a million bullets to hit one guy, the game will support you and let you enjoy yourself however you like. And no matter what you're always accomplishing something, wether it's getting exp for your frame (As you level up each weapon and frame, earning Mastery points which tracks how much of WF you've done. Leveling weapons and frames increases the amount of Mod space they have) or farming materials, it's always very easy to accomplish multiple tasks in one mission. In this sense Warframe gives you freedom not too often seen in many MMOs. Outside of the actual game itself, credit must be given. The dev team, Digital Extremes, is a godsend to the MMO world. These guys are not only hilarious (as well as silly), but they make you feel like WF is part of your world. Their "intercepted" messages throughout sites like Youtube and Facebook to promote events and such make you feel as if WF is happening in real time. And the events on Warframe are beyond great. Each event often brings a whole new game-changing aspect, as well as often ferociously tough new enemies to the table. A Warframe event is something you will more than likely find yourself dropping all other games for until your part is done, Tenno. Even without major events, Warframe has built-in "mini" events in the form of Alert missions. These temporary missions, which occur every 20 minutes or so lasting up to a max of an hour or two, usually involve harder enemies (usually different from the norm of that planet) and increased credit rewards, as well as sometimes giving a special item or weapon blueprint. There's also Invasions, which is one faction invading another's territory, and you decide who you support, each with different rewards and consequences. All in all, DE has made a gem of a game. I could honestly continue, but I've reached the text limit for writing a review. I'll leave off with this. PvP exists, but it is purely for sport. There is no bragging rights or rewards for it of any kind. Warframe intends to be a good-community excellent-quality PvE Co-op Shooter. I guarantee you won't be dissapointed. Happy Hunting.
game-hours: 1.7
review: Super jocu !!!
game-hours: 38.4
review: this game is really fun to play. Recommend :)
game-hours: 21.3
review: one of the best free games that i have ever played
game-hours: 36.6
review: Very great game GOOD GRAPHICS!
game-hours: 1205.3
review: Action shooter games aren't normally my style, but this one snagged my attention in a good way, I'm pretty hooked.
game-hours: 243.4
review: Good game , rpg fps , play it . (FB)
game-hours: 401.3
review: The game is absolutely EPIC! The modding and customizations make the game highly dynamic. I recommend this game highly. Also you can trade your souls for platinum. I got a syndana :3
game-hours: 2138.9
review: Really fun game. i've put hundreds of hours into it. Its very repetitive, but the repitition is very fun. If you like games like borderlands for the creative ways you can use powers and alter your gear to murder things, then this is for you. I actually enjoy it more than borderlands, because everything is instanced, so theres literally 0 downtime. youre almost always shooting something. If youre looking for a story, its not really here, but thats not what youre playing it for. Youre playing it to grind out items and frames, then blow stuff up and mod out your new toys. Look up where you should go to level up ur weapons, because if you dont know exactly what youre doing, the game can seem a lot more grind-ey than it really is. The only free to play game i've ever spent more than 5 bucks on. I've spent at least 35. and i dont even feel bad for it.
game-hours: 1529.0
review: my favorite game so far, has good gameplay nice contorls and plenty of interesting weapons to use.
game-hours: 346.3
review: Da Best Game Ever
game-hours: 22.3
review: good game
game-hours: 28.3
review: good game
game-hours: 146.7
review: Warframe is AWSOME With a capital A!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 702.8
review: Awesome \m/
game-hours: 413.0
review: Be the ninja. Feel his "chop-chop-being-everywhere-killing-everything" skills course through your computer! You will not regret it. Not a moment of it. Best co-operative third person shooter I have ever played(they are not numerous, but I will never move to another TPS now!) Best thing is: IT'S FREE!!! Get it naow! ASAP! The likes of it! :D See you in-game!
game-hours: 1082.1
review: games great, love it.
game-hours: 709.6
review: Coop experience is great! Without teamwork you are sure to loose. The random mission system is cool too knowing that you won't be playing the same objectives when you replay a mission. Most of all I gotta say the optimizations in this game are amazing... My weak PC could run it at 30+ FPS. I was astonished on how smoothly it ran. This is the game for you if you like coop and have a weak PC. (Now make sure your PC isnt THAT WEAK.. Lol...)
game-hours: 706.1
review: Warframe is a great F2P 3rd person shooter, after the tutorial you get a choice out of 3 warframes. Loki which has great support and is the fastest warframe, Excalibur which has powerful offense skills, and Mag which has amazing magnetics powers. All of which can be unlocked over time for free by killing the specific boss that drops their parts. It has a very indepth customization and sort of a rock paper scissors with the new damage formula. Grinner are weak to puncture, Corpus are weak to Impact, Infested are weak to slashing. To make this game really great you need to have friends to play with, pugs are doable but if you have 3 friends in differnt warframes with differnt equipment sets you feel really badass as you rip through enemy forces effortlessly. This kind of game you ether love or you hate, and since it is F2P why not give it a couple of hours to decide its well worth it.
game-hours: 21.3
review: Really fun, great features, very nice game, only problem is for some users graphics may cause lag
game-hours: 21.7
review: its a 3-D 3rd person shooter that allows players to fight with other players or by them selves it also has an amazing arsenal of weponry and can allow many different play styles.
game-hours: 3.5
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 743.4
review: SWEET
game-hours: 691.1
review: Warframe's a pretty good game to play with a bunch of friends. Cooperative play is a must, yet solo is satisfying as well when you play solo missions. I would recommend this game to those of you looking for a game to play with others at a LAN Party!
game-hours: 496.3
review: Great Game, you can virtually unlock anything Via Blueprints which can be found/bought at the store for normal credits. Enjoyed this game quite a bit, can get a bit repetitve but its new playstyles really do help. Protip : you should always be working towards new Warframes.
game-hours: 401.3
review: I'm addicted to this game. Its f2p on PC and PS4 so if you have a PS4 play it there so you can be 100% garanteed some amazing combat visuals. I got my starter warframe to rank 30 (cap) already and my 2nd warframe is almost finished constructing. Its mostly PvE, only PvP is combat arenas inside Clan Dojos.
game-hours: 108.4
review: Excellent game. I dont think i will get bored witht his one anytime soon.
game-hours: 3.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 353.4
review: Fantastic graphics, smooth gamplay. I cannot believe this is a free-to-play game. Just got done with Borderlands 2 and this easily rivals in co-op. mode. Tiles might get repetative, but AI scaling is precise. You want challanging gameplay, its got it. You want fast paced action, its got it. You want to keep coming back night after night and researching whats next during the day, this game will do it.
game-hours: 413.5
review: Anyone who says this game is not a blast has not played long enough. While i have not offically 'beaten' the game, i enjoy the game immensly. The vast array of missions while feeling 'boring' change drasticly when you simply change your warframe. Stail play is only the result of refusing to change the weapons/warframe your currently using. The variety of warframes and weapons, and teh designers constant desire to put out new weapons and warframes makes a highly appealing game only that much more appealing. As they say, its freaking ninja's with guns!
game-hours: 436.1
review: Great game, friggin get it :D
game-hours: 17.6
review: A space shooter with space ninjas
game-hours: 7.5
review: Amazing <3
game-hours: 444.5
review: one of the best game ever. Finally able to have a game with great update, great contents and all for free
game-hours: 1.2
review: ?!               ,   !
game-hours: 120.3
review: Kill things, get materials, make better weapons, kill bigger things. What more do you want? 11/10
game-hours: 1.3
review: Not bad for free
game-hours: 1.1
review: +1 awesome way to waste your time
game-hours: 1157.7
review: I love this game but it crashes for me whenever i press "E" to strike or shoot so i can't play and get the full experience, anyone who knows how to fix this problem please show it.
game-hours: 11.4
review: A lot of running good combat animations alot of hack and slash in 3rd person mode. Remembers me a game named Oni i played like 10 or 12 years ago maybe..
game-hours: 15.4
review: i like this game because it have so much eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeew moments in it and i also like it because it had a very high level of blood thanks for reading blood"
game-hours: 47.0
review: Best Free to play game out there with its shooting mechanices. The co-op well put in this game with you working togther alot. The best it the clan options with making a clan and bluiding it up.
game-hours: 4.2
review: GOOD STUFF LIKE IT
game-hours: 37.3
review: ITS TO GOOD TO BELIVE
game-hours: 2.5
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 42.7
review: Sooooooo awsome!!!
game-hours: 167.8
review: this game is great and the graphics are amazing along with the gameplay
game-hours: 12.6
review: this game ccccccccccccoooooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 523.2
review: Warframe is set in a universe where the solar system is locked in unending conflict between the Tenno, the Corpus, and the Grineer, while the Infestation threat looms over all three. You can carry out a number of different mission types to collect materials, credits, blueprints, and simply prove your skills while culling the unending threat. Warframe is a game about farming at it's core. You collect materials to make more weapons, Warframes, and companions, eventually switching to new ones while customizing abilities and stats to suit your play-style. And while the game is in essence about farming, the combat, power, and movement systems allow one to create a very entertaining spectacle of flashing steel and lead. Run on a wall, jump off, spin like a helicopter, and decapitate a Grineer soldier, then top off the display by landing into a graceful slide followed immediately by another instantaneous guillotine slash from your weapon. Learning to carry out movement combinations and power uses all while using firearms and blades of all sort is what makes this game really enjoyable. But, you might eventually get tired of the farming and look for a different experience.
game-hours: 476.6
review: This game is a awesome 4 man squad shooter. The missions can get a little repetitive but it is fun if you play them in different styles :)
game-hours: 824.9
review: 7/10 Best Farming Simulator I've ever played. Lacks in lore and end-game mechanics, but it's still open-beta, and Digital Extreme adds to it usually once a week. Definately worth someones time.
game-hours: 249.3
review: A hot game full of dismemberment and gore and awesome character models. fun to play with not to eat.
game-hours: 184.8
review: I love this game. I have been playing this game for the past 2 weeks and it is one of the best games I have ever played. It is like a cross between Assassins creed and Halo or a space ninja simulator. With many diffirent characters and weapons to choose from as well as hundreds of upgrades for equipment this game has a massive amount of customization.
game-hours: 241.3
review: Warframe is a different kind of free to play game. Instead of barraging you with ads, or forcing you to buy things you dont want, it completely keeps the aspect of a regular month-to-month or one time pay type of game. While some could fight and say its , "pay to win", I beg to differ. While you can use platinum, the games currency for real money to game transactions to purchase already made weapons or new characters, you're not limited to having to use your money. Instead you create the items, making the game that much better, thus the games fun lies within the aspect of creating and gathering materials for items and trying to be the fastest or the strongest Tenno the solar system has ever seen. Anything you can buy, you can create. It may take a few hours of fighting but then where would the fun in the game be then? In summary, warframe is a new twist on the "F2P" game industry, by one single characteristic that makes Warframe collect most likely the most revenue of any free to play and that is they do NOT force you to purchase items. No one likes being forced into anything , especially not a game, and this game, one where the devs listen intentively to the players, patch things accordingly, and make the game all around enjoyable by not making you pay for a monthly subscription or limiting your activites by not paying, derserves more respect than it can ever obtain. Plus: ******* space ninjas. 11/10
game-hours: 68.2
review: combines the best o sword fighting games and third-person shooters into one, its purely AMAZING
game-hours: 54.7
review: I feel like a ninja now... thanks to Warframe. ... hell, that's all I should write on this review. lol play it!
game-hours: 751.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 232.3
review: the best grinding game ever
game-hours: 54.0
review: This game is great!
game-hours: 50.9
review: Warframe takes a while to really pick up with regards to both plot and gameplay but the awkward start definitely pays off.
game-hours: 187.5
review: I love it.
game-hours: 59.5
review: Don't rush through the maps. Take your time and explore every nook and cranny. It's worth it.
game-hours: 4.3
review: good for few hours - you select a mission gun trough it and repeat, nothing more - 10/10 would not bang
game-hours: 3.2
review: COOL GAME
game-hours: 30.2
review: Warframe, a third-person shooter, where you can equip your Warframe with numerous weapons and mods, this seems to be the main theme of the game, bring balance to the world with your weapons and upgrades you can unlock. However, there is a very long grind that players have to go through before they can unlock these weapons. Unless, of course, you pay for the weapons and upgrades in Platinum, the currency players can buy with real money. Free players can expect to spend over 8 hours trying to gather components that are required to build weapons. However since there is no 'Try-Before You Buy' option, many players will feel like they have wasted time and effort finding those components when they find that their amazing new weapon, Isn't their kind of weapon. After the grind the game can get incredibly intense, but the road to that stage is quite difficult. The game was made for 4 Player Co-Op. It's very team based and harder levels will require lots of teamwork. This can be a pain when your friends don't want to play the game, or they're at a lower level than you. The public multiplayer can be a pain, most players will try to help you, but a lot of them are just playing for themselves and don't care about their team mates. Overall Warframe is a fun game, but a very repetetive one. The harder levels are a pain without friends, and sometimes you will find yourself logging in daily just for the login bonus, hoping it will be 'Morphics' or some other helpful object. I, personally, give this game a 6.5/10. Good, but the seemingly endless grind, repetetive gameplay, and sometimes annoying voice acting of the lotus, subtract from the gameplay. Improvements are needed, but the game is still fun as it is.
game-hours: 82.2
review: graphics and gameplay are both really good , micro transactions are a little expensive though.
game-hours: 91.5
review: space ninjas
game-hours: 973.4
review: Very good game about farming.
game-hours: 50.1
review: Just plain fun to play
game-hours: 330.0
review: be a warbro, play it
game-hours: 1282.8
review: I liked it so much I became a Hunter Level founding member. Seriously, this game is impacting my time on other games, it's just that good. It's FtP... what are you waiting for?
game-hours: 37.9
review: Ninjas in space. Not a bad game, really repetitive. And lets not forget lots of grinding. Concept is great along with graphics. Still needs some work but is going in the right direction. 6 out of 10.
game-hours: 32.9
review: awesome. i recomend that they make more out door missions though. and perhaps usable turrets and vihicles for the out door missions
game-hours: 368.5
review: I only reccomend it if you really enjoy grinding I love to grinding because i'm an idiot. all the varity in weapons and frames make it pretty fun
game-hours: 6106.6
review: Games awesome. Outer space ninjas and assault weapons. Need I say more?
game-hours: 991.2
review: It's fun. I've played over 525 hours. It's a F2P I spent money on. What better recommendation can I give? Play it.
game-hours: 23.5
review: This game is beyond awesome. It is completely free, not pay to win, and has many options for battle and customozation. In this game you play the Tenno, and the enemy soldiers are hunting you down. You complete several missions. Great maps, pvp is great, and awesome animation. PLAY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 348.1
review: Fast pace game blending hack and slash with shooting and a tinge of parkour. Step into the shoes of a Tenno, a space ninja with an assortment of powers. Define what that means. Be as stealthy, as powerful, or as cooperative as you must be to fight against the remains of our solar system long after war and greed ravaged it.
game-hours: 206.9
review: So Far the best Free to play FPS i can find on steam Amazing Graphics actual strategy in stuff NEVER boring cause the levels are NEVER the same exactly. Not one of those easy to beat games NOR is it a impossibly hard game its just... i dont know how to say this in words
game-hours: 184.1
review: The gameplay itself is very smooth, with combat and objective-completion meshing seamlessly. For those who like mission-style gameplay, the map and world progression are well-paced. Stealth gameplay is not as overpowered as in other similar games, with tanking and DPS being equally viable.
game-hours: 75.6
review: Ninjas in space -10/10
game-hours: 29.4
review: Even though this game is extemely boring, takes forever to accomplish things, derives you from your money. It's still a pretty fun game once you are at a high sequence in the game.
game-hours: 3.2
review: Really enjoyable to play and im not sure why we have to get a key to be in our clan
game-hours: 165.3
review: Good, I suppose
game-hours: 158.1
review: Fun, but takes a decent amount of grinding to level up weapons and warframes and they want money for a lot of items with no other way to attain them.
game-hours: 364.7
review: great game good graphics
game-hours: 152.2
review: Best way to spend my time
game-hours: 204.1
review: Games pretty good only been playing for 3 months and I'm impressed with what is has to offer. Have any questions about it ask. Don't know how to say it but parkour like Assassians Creed. Mixed with Mass Effect i would say.
game-hours: 313.5
review: Warframe Is one of the best f2p i ever played and one of the best right now. All the pepole say its pay 2 win and that its takes too much time to get something is wrooong. you just need to know where to farm and have good teamats. you can acautally sell your rares in game for platinum. the gameplay is pure fun,tons of guns,warframes and alot of options. you can mod your gun to your like and make it like you want. the game keep getting updated with tons of new contact. I recommned trying this game,ITS FREE. i would recommend use your starting platinum on warframes and wepons slots and join to a good clan(no need for the big 1000 ones). the players there will help you get all the cool gear and help you get started.
game-hours: 24.8
review: I love this game, you are a space ninja, what more is there to say? 10/10 would space ninja again.
game-hours: 7.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 82.1
review: i highly reccommend this game because it is fun to play and easy on your system for the people who dont have $1000 computers and the way it is set up is great and i enjoy every second and the daily events are great fo those little bonues and you get to meet new players that way :) overall 5 out of 5 for me
game-hours: 491.2
review: its a good game , just has some bugs such as weird bomb outs and lag over other servers on public , also there are no S.A server that would make it better
game-hours: 29.4
review: this is an epic game based in the distant future where clans fight against each other in endelss combat to control space
game-hours: 184.2
review: Amazing. It has a few bugs and glitches. Also a lot of server issues. Overall it isn't pay to win. Recommended.
game-hours: 21.9
review: If you don't like ninjas in space then well, i'd learn to. Warframe is a fast paced extremely costomizable, over the should experiance. i have not played a game as interesting and engrosing as this one in a long time.
game-hours: 1210.8
review: One of the best games I've ever Played. 10/10
game-hours: 392.1
review: The first and probably only Free to Play game I'll ever pay money for. Beautiful.
game-hours: 4.1
review: For an FPS, this really has a neat story to it. I like the action, even plays well on a laptop. (although the default video settings were way to high; whatever happened to autodetect?) For free, this really is quite good - so far I don't get that 'gimme money, you stupid little monkeys!' vibe as seen in so many free Android/IOS games where that is rampant. Smooth action and highly detailed models. Ton of customizations (when purchased or unlocked). * <2 hr in-game so far
game-hours: 152.7
review: Yes - very worth while F2P - download and play a few hours
game-hours: 131.0
review: amazing game
game-hours: 8.3
review: this a very good third person mmorpg and whoever doesn't think it would be good then try it you will get hooked
game-hours: 1085.1
review: Alien Ninjas in Space, whats not to love!
game-hours: 5.8
review: best 3rd person shooter yet with some knife action
game-hours: 9.9
review: Great game very fun ^.^
game-hours: 114.2
review: Two words, space ninjas
game-hours: 23.1
review: ?
game-hours: 2.4
review: if want good graphics and good gameplay you should really play this game
game-hours: 343.2
review: The odd and unique art style can initially be a turn off, but once you try the gameplay it is fun and engaging. It's a fluid and fast paced third person shooter with some neat melee, parkour, and stealth gimmicks. It's great for playing with friends and offers some nice variety in ways to play. But there are some negative aspects to it as well, first and foremost is the huge emphasis on grinding, everything has to be leveled up, characters, pets, and weapons - AND after applying upgrades, must be leveled up again. Grinding is the only way to acquire parts for crafting new items without spending real money, and crafting takes a considerable amount of real world time (days usually) to encourage spending money again. Three enemy types, and a limited amount of tilesets that make the randomly generated levels also do not help when you find yourself doing the same thing over and over just for some self imposed quest for slightly better gear. It is fun, but I found that it generally overstays it welcome and becomes more and more of a chore as you progress.
game-hours: 48.7
review: A great game to play with friends, a full party always works best. It's likely going to feel a bit strange at first because of the menu setup and such, but stick with it and it gets really fun, really fast.
game-hours: 44.2
review: A very fun and interactive gameplay,good playtime is possible without micro-transactions,but its not going to be nearly as easy and at some times might be frustrating...
game-hours: 304.4
review: 3rd person shooter Diablo
game-hours: 117.0
review: Fun, but repetative, don't even bother playing it solo because you'll get bored within 3-4 missions. However, if you have a group of 3-4 then it can be really fun.
game-hours: 18.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 124.5
review: OSSUM GAME
game-hours: 58.6
review: <3
game-hours: 38.9
review: This game, due to its free-to-play nature, does become a bit grindy after the first few levels, if you wish to hold on to your money. This is of little importance, however, since the gameplay is so fun. When I play, I'm rarely farming enemies or bosses to work toward that next level up or new weapon, instead, I'm just playing to have fun. It's easy to lose hours of your life in this shooter.
game-hours: 1.9
review: cool beans
game-hours: 33.4
review: Epic game. Try it out peeps.
game-hours: 32.8
review: You should check out this game its awesome.
game-hours: 467.0
review: Ninjnas in Space
game-hours: 1046.1
review: Will awesome do as a review?
game-hours: 35.2
review: pay to win but fun get it here today if
game-hours: 923.6
review: It'll change the way you see in a 3rd-person shooter game...
game-hours: 449.5
review: Highly enjoyable, immersive game with intense, quasi-realistic graphics. If you have a high-end graphics card, your experience will be reminiscent of a 3D CGI Movie. Very high quality. To sum up the game? Space Ninjas. That is all you need to know to find this game awesome. Easy to use basic controls, more advanced mobility including wall running, long distance jumps, slides and flips to make you feel like a real ninja. Plus, the co-operative element is important. Every member of a squad is essential. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
game-hours: 915.1
review: I love this game its awesome have alot of updates and always fun with friends :D
game-hours: 1057.9
review: one of the best free to play games out there
game-hours: 78.8
review: The coolness!
game-hours: 1435.6
review: this is the best 3rd person action game that i've ever played... simply the best... fun, much action, much weapon, and etc...
game-hours: 14.5
review: Pure awesome
game-hours: 10.9
review: !
game-hours: 104.9
review: great game, good graphics for a free to play, lots of depth if you want to get into it.
game-hours: 12.1
review: Loved ir , im not a big fan of this type of games but this one BLEW MY MIND ! fast paced heath beating adrenaline boosting tps. RECOMMENDED A LOT
game-hours: 38.9
review: You dont HAVE to spend money on this game. Thank god. 8/10
game-hours: 46.3
review: It was really fun playing with friends. If you don't have a core group to play with, random encounters can get broing fast.
game-hours: 8.0
review: Its a free to play and its my fav free to play on the market!
game-hours: 41.8
review: 1000/10 "It's okay." -IGN
game-hours: 1.4
review: amasing game <3
game-hours: 7.9
review: fun,hard
game-hours: 6.9
review: Instructions not clear enough. Made me commit sudoku.
game-hours: 3.6
review: what can i say this game is fun lots of different options for weapons what frame you use what mods you use its really fun and its free so you cant really go wrong
game-hours: 20.0
review: First played this just over a year ago and i'm not going to lie, I really didn't enjoy it. I picked it up again about a month ago and so much has changed. The game has now hooked me and im gonna admit im addicted. The missions are fun with friends and the in game crafting system doesn't feel like too much of a grind. I found it a bit hard to set an active clan up but other then that it's a pretty decent game especially as it's FREE TO PLAY!
game-hours: 5.1
review: I just love the Atmosphere the feeling and the gameplay. Even when you repeat the same stages 20x a day its okay. I just love it :D and btw it looks fkin amazing
game-hours: 2.8
review: Visually impressive game, with great gameplay. 8/10
game-hours: 43.9
review: Awesome game! Many bugs but the dev team is the best I have ever seen. Many bugs are fixed with every update. I Love this game!
game-hours: 741.3
review: Alot Like the Console Game Destiny Only That Its a TPS and Not FPS. The Thing I like Most is that it has alot of Game content and that it also has a SinglePlayer mode also in which there are Public Events! So if a person Can't finish a level By himself he can contact a friend and they can do the Misiion Together!
game-hours: 456.7
review: Easy to get your money's worth out of. Looks good, surprisingly compelling combat and hard to put away. You live in space, gather potatoes and shoot the boxheads and blowup dolls. Best enjoyed with friends.
game-hours: 26.1
review: Good concept and gameplay.
game-hours: 52.0
review: Fun and addicting
game-hours: 51.0
review: Amazing game, and it's free to play!
game-hours: 1.5
review: This is amazing. Graphics are great, the overall skill set was fine and the missions seemed entertaining. Good job :D
game-hours: 6.7
review: great game graphics are perfection and ht eover all mobility in the game is great i like how its controls are easy adn it gives the option to go solo or co-op
game-hours: 1.3
review: lagggggggggy
game-hours: 255.1
review: Ai galera, baixem Warframe e venham jogar comigo :))))
game-hours: 35.6
review: I haven't played for very long, but I like what I see. Impressive visuals, perhaps a bit cluttered. Exessive motion blur makes you seem that much faster and adds a different, but cool feel to movement. Items are not easily obtained, but most can be earned without real money. If you do decide to pay, it's a lot of cash for not many credits. My biggest (one of very few) issue is that the Warframes (classes) are gender-specific and do not have boy/girl models. Overall, a fun game that's definitely worth a try. Use it as a nice change of scenery or make it your newest ethusiast obession.
game-hours: 107.8
review: Cyborg-Space-Ninjas fighting Aliens, Robots and Zombie-Aliens. Where can you go wrong?
game-hours: 55.8
review: It's a good game with ninja-like graphic. I know ninja because I'm Asian. :D
game-hours: 1.6
review: Very refreshing game.
game-hours: 4.5
review: This is a great game blending the two worlds of customizable characters to fit your personal play style and the classic third-person shooter
game-hours: 35.6
review: This game took me by surprise. i havent played a game like this ever espically for free so i think everyone should give it a shot this game rocks.
game-hours: 640.0
review: yer not bad
game-hours: 0.6
review: cool!
game-hours: 73.1
review: One of the best co-op Game I have ever played. A futuristic Awesome game. Splendid Graphics. Having missions all around the solar planet and defeating each boss and taking control of the planet. Very nice range of weapons and characters/warframes and sentinels. A third person awesome game.
game-hours: 374.7
review: This is a really good game,it is relly really fun u guys all need to try it
game-hours: 945.6
review: I love game so much <3 <3
game-hours: 32.6
review: Love it
game-hours: 58.8
review: Very good game, I can't say much more because I pratically have no words for the amaze and epicness I had in some runs, I recommend it 100%.
game-hours: 409.4
review: Pros: -great multiplayer -frequent updates -different charicters Cons: there are a few game breaking glitches in warframe most going out the map or going through a locked door. but if your a simple minded person and wouldnt give a damn about that youve got yourself a great 3rd person shooter!
game-hours: 2.7
review: Awsome
game-hours: 26.1
review: Awesome game, get it. What's not to like, it's brilliant and its free
game-hours: 195.8
review: A fun sci-fi grind game where you fight enemies, get matierials, and make better weapons. Sci-fi ninjas, nuff said.
game-hours: 44.6
review: awsome and fun to play challanging as well
game-hours: 108.4
review: HOLY TURTLES this game is 10/10
game-hours: 13.8
review: Its too BADASS with the sliceing and diceing And the shooting 9/10 for me
game-hours: 5.2
review: What can I say about Warframe? Well, as you can see I have like three hours on it, so many of the features have not yet been touched. Also, what I can say is I am not really a hard-core gamer. I mean I used to be. But now I got married and a job and everything and I just don't have time like I used to to play video games. So this is coming from... a moderate gamer with some programming experience. First of all, graphics-wise, I think that the graphics are pretty amazing. The game always manages to catch you in poses and shots that just look great, and the DOF that is in the game only assists in that. I am not running a super high end computer, but it also supports it quite well, meaning that their memory consumption is done quite well; another game of that capacity would have me lagging horribly. I guess that is necessary though, seeing as it was made for PS4 as well. Their particle systems are amazing too, I mean blowing up a crate and wow, the explosion looks fantastic! Secondly, the controls are the standard controls; no surprises here. In fact, as a 3rd person shooter, there weren't too many surprises, I mean it has standard AI, standard physics, etc. So what stands out from other games that I have seen? Well first of all, I DO like the customizability of the characters, and their super powers are pretty cool. I love how you can level your character and then based on your level you pick up what is called 'mods' that you equip to the weapon/'tenno'. Also, what I love is that sometimes, just sometimes I am not in the mood to play with some random person, and you have massive control over that. In fact, you can just solo if you want. And speaking of levels, there are upwards of 250 levels in the game! Now the bad: First of all, this game is still in development and in some ways you can really tell. This is mixed because you know that if there is a problem it will shortly be fixed, and updates are constantly happening. But I am an amateur 3d designer/programmer and sometimes I run into things that make me groan and hope that they fix it soon, and to be fair, these are small things like no enemies on the mini-map, and the containers need to be worked on. One big hitch for me was that I had to dig around to find out how to customize items. The tutorial didn't really offer anything to help me along the way, and everything (from a beginners standpoint) is so expensive that I know that there will be a huge grind to get anything done. Lastly, it seems largely as a 'pay to win' sort of game. Or rather, I suspect that if you pay cash, you probably won't be required to grind like the rest of us. But in this, I sort of understand, I mean it's not really a PvP game, nor is it charging me anything to play, so in the end it isn't really hurting me. In the end, I give Warframe 8/10 for great graphics, playability, and overall sheer size of the game.
game-hours: 32.2
review: Brilliant game for those who like the whole Android samurai third person shooter type games in space going from planet to planet lvling up and upgrading personally i love this game.
game-hours: 2.3
review: great
game-hours: 980.7
review: Space Ninjas or as the people want it to be Space Vikings in Ninja Suits
game-hours: 32.4
review: played alot of games of all types.The graphics ,illistration,the all around make up of the game in my opinoin is awesome .Make sure you get a good video graphics card you will need it.Alot of detai, and work in this game .Good job Digital Extremes nicely done!!!!
game-hours: 6.3
review: Clean design, fast-paced environment, and loads of content to immerse yourself in. Definitely worth a try to say the bare minimum.
game-hours: 46.3
review: really fun game cant wait to try out all the new goodies
game-hours: 206.2
review: BEST GAME EVRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!! 5*
game-hours: 11.2
review: Amazing, extremely fun, I don't think i can put down this game in any way other than "Why is it free?". If anyone see's how fun this game is and doesn't download it, i will come to their house, slap them, download it and force them to play it.
game-hours: 215.0
review: tons of fun for a free to play.....as terrible and unquoteworthy as that is
game-hours: 0.2
review: though i don't play this on pc, that is only because my pc can't run it, i do however play this on ps4 and i can tell you that this is an amazing game. the tutorial is not that helpful and it is confusing at the start and many people are put off by that, but if you can understand it, it is a unique gaming expirience
game-hours: 3.3
review: I do have to say this game rock!!!!!!love it, coming from xbox 360 fan.
game-hours: 8.2
review: Amazing
game-hours: 697.2
review: This game may seem complicated at first but once u start playing its ing awesome
game-hours: 213.6
review: This game is really good But it takes a little while and dedication to get really good stuff
game-hours: 385.6
review: Ninjas in Space. That is basically the premise of this game. It also involves a lot of grinding and such but is completely free to play and you can get everything (less a few cosmetic items) by simply playing...which is pretty cool imo. Also Ninjas. inspace.
game-hours: 2.6
review: Awesome gameplay!
game-hours: 4.2
review: Repetitiveness galore muffins
game-hours: 0.3
review: i have a quad core 3.5GHz 6GB RAM and 1GB HD Graphics and i cant play it in full hd
game-hours: 424.4
review: Space ninja 3rd person shooter what could be better
game-hours: 12.9
review: I've only played this game for....not that long, and it's already AMAZING! I recommend playing this game!
game-hours: 0.5
review: hi
game-hours: 529.1
review: Thoroughly recommended with the constant updates from the development team, becomes more intricate every day.
game-hours: 1758.9
review: because SLAM JAM THANK YOU MA'AM
game-hours: 252.3
review: cool
game-hours: 3.4
review: The best free multiplayer shooter ever.
game-hours: 502.6
review: This is one of the most promising betas I've ever played. The developers excitedly add additional content regularly, and have HUGE things planned for the future. A+ 10/10 would play again. There's literally no reason not to at least play this game every once in awhile.
game-hours: 18.9
review: fun game, its free, its awesome. GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 15.5
review: this looks cool. ima play it.
game-hours: 21.5
review: Nice game... fun to play with friends
game-hours: 36.8
review: So much fun, and while you don't NEED to buy platinum to have said fun, it really helps. I find the prices pretty damn steep though. At half price they are what you'd expect to pay for the amount.
game-hours: 64.4
review: great game i feel that there needs to be more of a storyline (in your face) where i feel like a im playing for a reason i get it but it just dosent feel like a story in a way but besides that fliping awesome ninja aliens! great i deffinetly say you should get this game plus its free
game-hours: 250.9
review: A fun third-person co-op shooter. Great quality despite being free to play and on beta. Best played with friends. In-game purchases via micro (or macro) transactions is possible, but more as a convinience rather than as a way to get otherwise unattainable weapons, of which some of the best are only available through crafting and active participation in the community (joining clans etc.) All-in-all a very fun game to play, with lots of options and flexibility. And if you're skeptical, just get some friends, download the game for free, and give it a try, a'right?
game-hours: 9.1
review: very good game :P
game-hours: 163.2
review: Free to play Sci-Fi MMO Third Person Shooter that happens in space and Ninjas? If you're not playing warframe, you're doing your life wrong
game-hours: 376.7
review: its ok
game-hours: 341.7
review: My addiction to this game has given me anorexia; so five stars.
game-hours: 27.5
review: the best 3rd person shooter so far
game-hours: 72.3
review: This game should be ported to linux... asap... like now..
game-hours: 11.5
review: you should play this game cos the warframe character are highly strong and u get 5 revivants each time u die
game-hours: 210.8
review: Very fun game once you know what to do. You have to play it for a little while to really understand.
game-hours: 112.9
review: This is the best Space Ninja Simulator on the market right now.
game-hours: 724.2
review: cant stop playing it :D
game-hours: 1502.2
review: I have play this game for a while (start from version beta 6.8) and still this is really good TPS, if you like more PvE than PvP then go and play this game :)
game-hours: 15.1
review: Lot's of action and killing, and slashing, and shooting... and jumping :D
game-hours: 35.6
review: Smooth controls, free to play, fun co-op.
game-hours: 84.4
review: FREAKING BOSS
game-hours: 827.5
review: This game is simply amazing! The storyline and gameplay is just addicting! The graphics are also insane, but only if you have a good computer, but even with my computer, which is crap, I can run at a solid 30 FPS with the game still looking great!
game-hours: 211.2
review: Warframe follows a simple, A-B-C premise. A is one to four cyborg alien space ninjas from space. C is where they need to be. B is fifty to two hundred evil space fascist clones, evil space tech cultist blue collar workers, or evil space zombies. If that doesn't tell you everything you need to know, it's still worth a try!
game-hours: 583.7
review: For a free game. this takes the cake. Yes I absolutely recommend this game! It has a good story and has infinate things to do.
game-hours: 118.0
review: Do you like ninjas? Good. Do you like space? Good. That means you like space ninjas with magical powers. I highly urge you to get this game, and join the Tenno cause.
game-hours: 5.6
review: For people who like shooting games and ninja aliens. It's great for multyplayer and very fun.
game-hours: 20.5
review: This game is great.
game-hours: 47.9
review: Great from what I've seen so far!
game-hours: 149.9
review: I left this game for some months and came back to feel the awesomeness again, started over with a new account, and I had a lot of fun seeing all of these new changes like the cutscenes and the BADASS intro, the dynamic weapon selection that allows you to choose unlike before, and the characters look very cool and have a lot of unique abilities.
game-hours: 38.5
review: it was a great game got a little boaring with the farming idea but it was very fun
game-hours: 3.6
review: if you're into the sci-fi genre video games, then this is the game for you. I downloaded this game despite the skeptisism from other reviews and i definitely do not regret it. It took a minute or two to get used to the different types of weapons and features the game offered but once you get the flow of the game you just cant find yourself to get away from it. What more could you want in a sci-fi co op slasher game, your a space ninja that basically recks house with a whole ninja aresenal and badass space ninja wizard powers. your basically Goku and Thor mashed together into one badass dude that s people up because he's so badass!
game-hours: 1369.8
review: Do you want to know the definition of Warframe? It's running the same mission over and over again and expecting something to drop.
game-hours: 1.9
review: i shot a guy in the  with a bow and he exploded. 10/10
game-hours: 58.1
review: If you like cyber space ninjas that fight androids and robot ostriches fighting infertile masses of armor fighting "totally-not-the-flood", then this game is for you.
game-hours: 49.2
review: Wow so futuristic.
game-hours: 219.1
review: Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, die. Go play something else for a while.
game-hours: 664.0
review: Is rly fun.
game-hours: 431.8
review: every comrad should play this yes much play
game-hours: 201.7
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 1924.1
review: These are the hours I will never regret spending.
game-hours: 11.8
review: Just awesome.
game-hours: 1310.9
review: SPACE NINJAS. GUNS. LASERS. BOMBS. ARROWS. SWORDS. SPACE ZOMBIES. SPACE NAZIS. Any other question?
game-hours: 517.3
review: It is amazing, it may not seem like it at first but if you get a friend or two it becomes the best co-op game ive ever played.
game-hours: 13.2
review: "Sexy Alien Robot Ninja Simulator 1 thing. MOBILITY!
game-hours: 2.8
review: It's an okay game if your computer can handlw it, I haven't played too much because my computer has a seizure when I try to play it, ut from what I did play of it, it was fun.
game-hours: 55.6
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 6.1
review: Alien Wars
game-hours: 444.6
review: One word: Time drain
game-hours: 441.4
review: This game... This is my second review for it, and my opinion has stayed the same, this is an amazing game. The only way to fully describe this game is: Ninjas... in space... with rocket launchers.
game-hours: 85.7
review: SMILEY FACE :D
game-hours: 18.7
review: You have to grind more than a stoner on 420
game-hours: 63.9
review: Space Ninja Simulator 2014
game-hours: 4.7
review: like tf2 where everyone's gray fox
game-hours: 173.6
review: F2P/10
game-hours: 367.5
review: One of the funnest games I've ever played!!!
game-hours: 4.0
review: A very great game. Robot Ninjas!!!!! Also it doesn't need a high end pc to play. The graphics are amazing. 10/10
game-hours: 58.8
review: It is great to have this game!
game-hours: 45.2
review: This gmae is awesome
game-hours: 8.1
review: If you like games with space ninjas killing robots and using powers that are OP to  enemies this game is for you
game-hours: 485.4
review: If you want to grind  this piece of  is the  for you. Casual Jufrows not intended.
game-hours: 386.0
review: amazing game
game-hours: 284.0
review: o my god
game-hours: 16.0
review: at least its better than call of duty
game-hours: 18.9
review: An exciting 3rd person shooter with easy to use controls. Although there is a backstory to it, there isn't much plot based action. The gunplay can be a bit slow and needs getting used to if it's your first time playing but after a few missions it'll feel natural. As you start of the choices of weapons are scarce and when you want to buy them, you often need micro transactions to add more "premium" currency to your account so that you can buy them. The graphics are fancy and colourful even in space, controls easy to use and simple, gameplay is wonderfully smooth but can get repetitive. Overall a great game that earns it's place as 3rd on the most popular F2P section.
game-hours: 76.4
review: Awsome Game, I hope I have friend from Indonesia and play together :)
game-hours: 1.5
review: What this game does have is upgradable characters, good looking skills, models, textures and runs smoothly. The camera can bug out once in a while I've noticed (nothing major) but is otherwise very good. However, I find it lacks variety, and while it was fun for a while, it did become repetitive and fairly boring. For me it was too much of a grind, even though it honestly isn't that bad. Finding specific materials might get on your nerves though. It does have a slight pay2win element, but is much more fair than other games where you can buy resources. Still, don't spend ANY money on this game unless you really enjoy it. This game is still something I'd recommend you try though, in case you like 3rd person brawler/shooter with cooperative gameplay, though can be played solo if wanted. It is free to play, so there's is no investment to be made. However, I'll say this again, don't spend money on this game unless you really like it and will keep playing.
game-hours: 375.7
review: Sleep, or Warframe. I chose Warframe. So will you.
game-hours: 113.3
review: Warframe is the best Free2play game, I have ever played. It's not a pay2win  game. It's a game where you can get your items without paying anything. I like it.
game-hours: 17.7
review: Pretty cool super fast paced scifi 3rd person shooter game that is almost too fast paced sometimes.
game-hours: 1.7
review: nice
game-hours: 2.4
review: I recommend you try this game becouse it has good graphics and a good multiplayer system.
game-hours: 736.2
review: I will open this game with the fact that everything in this game takes one of two things: patience or money. Almost everything in this game can be earned for free if you are luck enough to find it or see the alert mission in the hour it is up. People say this game is pay to win. Paying is a definate advantage, but it isn't everything. If you don't mind working for your success, this game may be for you. Warframe is a third-person shooter based on high mobility combat and a high variety of weapons and abilities. From invincibility to massive anti-matter explosions, this game may have everything wanted in a primarily cooperative shooter. You play as a Tenno, effectively a space ninja set out to maintain the balance of our galaxy in the distant future. You start from the center (Mercury) and move outword while gaining power and money. Everything from your warframe (your ninja suit of armor that gives you four abilities) to your weapons upgrade by killing enemies and completing missions. At the time of this post, I have logged almost 300 hours into this game. I have tried loads of weapons and watched as the developers release patch after patch improving this game as it is still in beta. The enemies are challenging and weapons are very dependent on farming credits and mods to improve them. If you want a game that has one of the best communities in a free to play games that I have seen, the variety in this game will not let you down.
game-hours: 47.0
review: Simply an awsome game :D
game-hours: 26.5
review: amazing fun free game worth the cheack out heaps of fun best free game ive played in ages
game-hours: 48.4
review: One of the best third person shooters I have played. Amazing crafting system and awesome sci-fi combat/atmosphere.
game-hours: 3.6
review: Suprisingly fun, clunky, yet free form mobility allows for some high action game play.
game-hours: 2.5
review: good free game! and good graphic too. warframe runned at 1920c1080 res and full spec maxed out! look so gratz and its free co-op game too.
game-hours: 5.1
review: BAD, BAD BAD BAD BAD AND A LITTLE MORE BAD.
game-hours: 9.3
review: very nice game, it has nice sword moving and karate moves, epic co op game too.
game-hours: 198.1
review: its one of the best games ever!
game-hours: 1.1
review: Dude, free game about space ninjas. What's not to love?
game-hours: 274.8
review: 1 of the best games i've ever played
game-hours: 0.7
review: one of my fevrit games and it keep geting better evry up date 5/5
game-hours: 136.0
review: Just visually stunning as it is catchy.
game-hours: 447.9
review: It s a good game but farming is everything...if you don t like that kind of game don t play it...
game-hours: 726.1
review: If u wanna relax, this is the game! :D
game-hours: 9.1
review: Honestly, the game is kind of boring. The first hour I played with teammates online, and all 4 of us were confused an virtually un-entertained. Lol our conversation was the best part, and it should have been the game that was fun. I do not recommend.
game-hours: 27.3
review: gr8 game love it 10/10
game-hours: 13.0
review: Warframe is an amazing shooter with very good graphics!
game-hours: 918.6
review: Space ninjas with rocket launchers that look like shoebox XD
game-hours: 15.2
review: Dynamic, full with action, nice engines and combat details. I love playing it with my friends 11/10. Love it. P.S.: make team deathmatches
game-hours: 6.2
review: This is an amazing f2p game that's not pay to win, unlike  Fortress 2
game-hours: 5.0
review: Amazing you can literally double fist penetrate aliens , 10/10
game-hours: 12.1
review: Good Space Ninja Game
game-hours: 791.3
review: EVERONE NEEDS TO PLAY, its ing awsome.
game-hours: 899.3
review: I play this game now for several moth and it doesent become boring. There is always new content to play and equipment to gain. So even if you think you are finished there will come a patch and theres somthing new for you to explore.
game-hours: 767.0
review: it a game that is unlike other games
game-hours: 35.5
review: dis game doe
game-hours: 39.8
review: Warframe is a fun action packed thrill seeking game for all those who enjoy a great time of blood and gore with stealth or guns blazing can go co op of single player its all your choice, and come on space ninjas i need not say more
game-hours: 47.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 917.6
review: So much to do in this game, and so many weapon to build :D
game-hours: 8.8
review: best
game-hours: 235.6
review: Best Game Evaaa!
game-hours: 583.2
review: The Game got an interface redo which is targeted at the Playstation 4 players who total out at about 20% of the playerbase. This redo made the game unplayable by inducing motion sickness, hiding vital options somewhere 4-6 klicks deep which you have to access over and over again, removing the starmap for some sort of planet spin wheel including a mission spin wheel, implementing senseless color codes, hiding important info behind your character model, removing the option to change your loadout quickly before a mission launches, screwing with the mod interface so that you have to memorize dozens if not hundreds of your mods by name now. I easily put 100 into the game and was really into it but this UI update flat out killed it.
game-hours: 45.5
review: its a cool game
game-hours: 35.9
review: is naruto a ninja astronaut? i need an answer
game-hours: 0.9
review: i like it
game-hours: 878.7
review: The space nija game haha Warframe is a fun fast paced fps and it free to play you can craft evrything and you can pay to seed up the crafting time or not its up to you
game-hours: 3021.6
review: Amazing non-stop progressive game play with top of the line graphics and constantly improving interface(s).
game-hours: 699.4
review: an awesome game if you grab some friends for a parkour filled shoot em up game. everything about this game feels amazing, and looks amazing to boot.and the best part? its free!
game-hours: 312.8
review: corpus4lyfe
game-hours: 1773.3
review: How can this only be rated a 67? Firstly its a great 3rd person co-op shooter, with several different factions for you to oppose. There are several different "frames" that you can play as, which each have a different skill set and play style. EVERYTHING in the game can be unlocked by playing and honestly, most of it doesnt even take that long to get. Special alert missions can gain you additional items as well. Its a ton of fun, even just jumping into a pub game or even playing solo, and if you have 2 or 3 other friends to play with, its the best F2P co-op game on the market. Try it, you will like it. I truly believe that.
game-hours: 2.8
review: awesome game brov
game-hours: 335.2
review: Faking SpaceNinjas
game-hours: 14.2
review: Great quality for f2p game
game-hours: 68.1
review: Good playable classes but repetitive maps. Repetitive as in the room designs are all modular, there's a very good chance that you'll see the exact same room on both ends of a hallway.
game-hours: 755.9
review: LIKE a NINja!!! :)))
game-hours: 6.2
review: tole bova probala
game-hours: 10.5
review: A good game if you enjoy endless grinding. Invest twenty or so dollars in unless you want to since 50+ hours grinding for weapons and other items. Still an enjoyable game. Do not play alone though because it can get un fun very quickly. I would also suggest a decently good computer to run it.
game-hours: 13.0
review: good game
game-hours: 14.1
review: litterlly the definition of grinding
game-hours: 115.4
review: Don't judge the meta score. Most of it is outdated since the patch. I tried it the first time a long time ago and I hated it. But I came back after some time and WOW! It amazes me that this game is free to play. I absolutely recomend this game. If you look closely at the meta score it only scored average on the critics side out of a few people. Look for the user reviews, then join me in glorious space ninja action!
game-hours: 8.1
review: space ninjas in power armor. if you need anymore reasoning than that to give this game a shot then go play runescape or something.
game-hours: 2.0
review: delayed controlls no matter if you use a controller or not but still this game is beutiful and even though i dont like Shooters that much i still had fun with this game. Plus its space ninjas!!!!
game-hours: 1827.3
review: Best game i've played in years.
game-hours: 1734.5
review: This is probablyoneof the most fun games i have ever played. I like how it is endless and extremely customizeable.
game-hours: 117.3
review: Easily one of the greatest games I've ever played.
game-hours: 6.0
review: Free to play and recives an exceptional amount of updates. The games thrives alot on grinding and doing the same tasks over and over but gives you nearly no restrictions on how to get it done
game-hours: 114.5
review: Bo demais!
game-hours: 3.0
review: good
game-hours: 13.2
review: My fav game :)
game-hours: 31.5
review: Interesting, but not great. Still worth checking out.
game-hours: 57.4
review: its a good game but you have to have the right pc
game-hours: 157.1
review: Simply An Amazing Game. A Very Interesting And Creative Video Game. I Play It All Of The Time Its A Very Addictive Game.
game-hours: 711.0
review: Good.
game-hours: 598.3
review: its really fun but it does get really repetative
game-hours: 376.0
review: epic! nuff said
game-hours: 1.5
review: This is awesome , a nice shooter if you like teamwork and going through fights against random AI
game-hours: 1963.0
review: I'm rank 13. I have over 1100 hours on this game. I am a Grand Master and I support this game with all my heart. - This game is a dungeon-crawler and a farm fest. This is, both, a pro and a con. I like dungeon crawlers, and I like gathering resources. I love acquiring new items and better gear. Some people hate dungeon crawlers and dislike grinding. I don't blame them. Things have gotten, over the entire time I've been here, easier to acquire and build. A lot of things changed, and a lot of things got put into the game to make the experience unique from any other game I've played. I love the visuals - the art, and I love the way some of the weapons feel, look, and sound. Warframe is completely free to play. Any gear you can buy with real money can be earned in-game. And end-game weapons cannot be bought with real cash- You have to work for the good . Pay-walls? Pay to win? Pay-walls. No. None. All the content in the game is free, all the items are free. You just have to spend game-time grinding for materials to build that fancy new weapon or warframe. However, you are limited in slots to store your gear! Weapons and warframes take space, and you start with a limited amount. Buying spaces is 12 plat for 2 weapon slots, 20 for 1 warframe slot. It's convenience, not necessity. Every mission, every rank, every warframe and weapon can all be earned. The exception is limited-time, event, or removed gear. Pay to win? Yeah. No. Pay-to-save-time is the motto. You want shiny new gear right now? Buy it. Don't have the money? Earn it. And if you're rank 1 with a credit card and think you can buy the Hek, one of the strongest shotguns in Warframe? Pfft. Think again, it's Exp locked at rank 4. You have to PLAY the game to buy a good weapon. Whether you wanted to pay for it or earn it. Also, how can you pay to win if it's not really a PVP game? Oh? Dueling? Jokes on you; You can buy a shiny weapon and warframe, but you can't rank them up without gameplay.
game-hours: 287.0
review: OFF
game-hours: 6.2
review: This game is extremely well thought out, has amazing graphics, actually did the over the shoulder thing right, and is absolutely free! It even comes with a little bit of the real life currency. Just make sure you turn motion blur off and if it lags turn off shadows. They do reuse some areas, but it's a damn cool game.
game-hours: 22.5
review: A fun third person FPS [so long as you're playing with friends]. There is depth to the game, but not enough to make it feel overwhelming. Wall running and using abilities on warframes make you feel invincible and makes time start to flow, but at its core it is still a shooter genre and will eventually revert to that. I would suggest this to any hardcore shooter fan, and anyone looking to mess around in a game to have fun (Because the early levels deff. supply that urge!)
game-hours: 25.8
review: Awesome first person shooter! Fun to roll and shoot and wall jump and slice up people with your luminescent sword.
game-hours: 107.3
review: I totally LOVE this game. But it is soo hard to get to know everything. The game is very vague on what to do and how do it. So thumbs down!
game-hours: 88.5
review: Great game. You can play the game completely free and just pay for pimp factors.
game-hours: 62.2
review: Very fun so far, Ive put in about 6 hours. The movement seems pretty clean. I especially like the wall scaling elements, as long as you notice them. I plan to put many more hours into this game.
game-hours: 17.6
review: Your a in space ninja with unique individual powers. Oh and did I mention you can do PARKOUR?! Wall running, Wall Hanging, all kinds flips. And that's not all, the weapons you use are just as cool. You got Big swords, little swords, katanas, two handed swords, daggers, Daggers with swords, TWO daggers. The guns range from the classical shoot with bullets, or ones that have a rediculous amount of fire power, some shoot saws, others shoot sticky white things that explode (kinky developers? I THINK NOT!) and shotguns. As well as secondaries, but I can't name them all as to my hands for being tired of typing all of this. Anywho, give this game a try, I fell in love with it the moment it was teasered I believe in january? Yes it's still in Beta, but the full version will be free either way. This game is far from being completed, but even farther from being boring. Exuce me, my TF2 has finally downloaded.
game-hours: 146.7
review: excellent game
game-hours: 922.5
review: BEST GAME EVARRRRR
game-hours: 1.9
review: very nice game especiailly it bieng free
game-hours: 21.9
review: Wonderful game. Lots of fun. But I do really wis it was easier to get some of the better equiptment without having to buy platinum.
game-hours: 9.9
review: Warframe is a instresting multiplayer/singleplayer action game.I have never seen anything like it before and I think it's pretty good in almost all aspects.
game-hours: 40.4
review: ta bueno
game-hours: 1.8
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 8.9
review: Vary Good
game-hours: 1344.3
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 127.8
review: Surprisingly adictive and full of decent content, gameplay and lore for a free to play game.
game-hours: 34.5
review: There's only a few map but great.
game-hours: 89.3
review: I got this game because a friend of mine wanted to play it, and I can tell you I was very reluctant to actually get it. Still installing this, updating that... blah blah blah. So, I figured one day that I would play it, seeing as it's on my computer and I should at least play it before uninstalling it. I played it, and it's in fun. Bros, get this.
game-hours: 18.7
review: THIS GAME SO FUN that's all i just got to say :) if you like to play with me in teams in warframe add me please then LET'S ROLL :))
game-hours: 65.0
review: amazing just amazing cant stop playing it
game-hours: 2.0
review: Gamee looks awesome, but i can't comment on game play, BECAUSE IT CRASHES DURING TUTORIAL.... FIX IT
game-hours: 188.1
review: Freaking Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its a little odd at first getting your bearings ,but after you do is freaking awesome and i only been playing for a hour
game-hours: 41.4
review: 3rd Person Ninja action... Yes please
game-hours: 4.4
review: Ninja robots in space, yo!
game-hours: 7.2
review: Good game to play but boss battles need to be less hard, takes a lot of time to kill them and also you should add side missions to the game to earn more credits etc?
game-hours: 0.9
review: amaisin i slapped my dog bcuz i saw dis gam i went outsyd slaped old men in face cuz gam dis gam mad me  my pents n  all ovr me parunts
game-hours: 28.3
review: A very pay-to-win kind of game. Still, that doesn't mean it isn't fun as hell.
game-hours: 118.1
review: wow what to say about warframe.... well, i dont usuaslly like free to plays because of the hole pay to win mechanic which just makes the game feel cheap and like a scam really... where as with warframe you dont need to pay anything if you dont want to, although it does subject you to a substantial amount of grinding. Which leads me to my next topic weapons and armour/ warframes: now unless you want to buy these weappons and warframes off the bat with real money you have to buy the blueprint with ingame currency and then grind away untill you get all the components to craft it in the forge, now although that sounds well enough you also after purchasing the blueprint and gathering all the components you have to wait 12+ hours for the item to be built. if you do not want to wait you will have to use your own money. with the warframes its a little more complicated and time consuming... you buy the blueprint but instaed of finding the components and start the build.. you have to find the individual blueprints to the warframe Eg. helmet, systems and chassis. once you have one or all of these you can gather the components and start building the helmet or systems but you have to wait 12+ hours.. upon completing these you can finally build the frame.. but, you have to wait 24 hours with a large amount of ingame currancy depending on the frame. Now if this were any other game i would say screw that... but you dont really need to upgrade your equipment for a long while, long enough to get a feel for the game and enjoy the gameplay.. which for the better part very fun.. your basically space ninjas. enough said. you do pretty much anything that a ninja does running up and along walls sprinting and sliding at the same time as doing an attack with your melee weapon wihich give the game a fast paced feel and like you and your friends are like blade weilding whirlwinds of death.... so you will find most enemies wont really be much of a challenge until you get to the bosses, which for the most part are well thought out. each planet has a different boss and everytime you defeat the boss you get a new peice to a warframe. now each boss has different tactics, attacks, and weak points making them a challenge everytime you play.. the graghics arent anything special but there are more than a few moments where you will be like ahhh thats pretty.... they are in a whole pretty good, just above the standered. the maps are getting better when the game first came out all the maps looked pretty much the same... but now there have been numorous amount of new maps for all differnt game types and worlds, some look pretty average and some look quite good, note that you will not always be in a space ship there are some planets that are habitable and so allow you to walk on the surface. Eg. earth overall the game is very well done and you do not have to pay a dime, unless your ready to do a unmeasurble amount of grinding.. this game is one of the good ones and there is so much more than i couldnt just fit in this review so why not just go and find out for yourself.... ITS FREE TO PLAY
game-hours: 505.9
review: Cyber Ninjas
game-hours: 129.5
review: yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 24.1
review: the best game i have ever played
game-hours: 65.2
review: i only have four words to describe this game : testosterone lots of testosterone
game-hours: 8.0
review: This game is so cool and i want the play it with as many people as i can i recommened this to skilled first-shooter players! 8.5/10.0 (there is now vehicles)(yet!) 4 star
game-hours: 111.8
review: There are so many good things about this game.....but theres also one BIG downside. Lets start with the good things, for starters the game is free so you can easily hop in and play.Also, Combat is rather fun and you can choose to play stealthy or simply all out.But I mean really, Who dafuq never dreamt of being a flippin space ninja? It's genius! Now for the downside.....THE GRIND. Yup, theres so much grind in this game that the only way not to get bored of it is to either play the game once a month or using the help of a little friend we call wallet. :/ The game has so much potential but unless they find a way to stop the game from getting repetitive then I dont know what will save this game. The reason Im gonna recommend it is cause It's free and It's definetly a good F2P game, but yeah, Im not so sure if its a good game in general.
game-hours: 56.7
review: Fun game. love the graphics. love the gameplay.
game-hours: 23.0
review: I feel like NARUTOOOO!!! :))
game-hours: 56.5
review: Amazing =D
game-hours: 2259.9
review: Space ninjas with superpowers. That pretty much sums it up.
game-hours: 239.6
review: awesaome
game-hours: 73.1
review: wicked awesome, easy to handle with controller too!
game-hours: 11.4
review: good game
game-hours: 161.1
review: Warframe has changed so much since the release on steam. When it was first released to the public, it was fun being a space ninja, but the missions and battles were pretty repetitive. Over time, Warframe has went through SOOOOO many changes. Some good. Some bad. But heres the thing, the developers actually communicate with the players and ask what they want in the game. I have so much respect for them. Everyone should atleast give this game a try. I mean, it is free.
game-hours: 7.9
review: best 2 kill time...
game-hours: 10.9
review: Much cool
game-hours: 756.2
review: good action game, that evolves with every update. At the beginning it is a little lame, to have your wallet tortured, becuase you need money, to buy slots for your items. Otherwise you would only have space for two weapons, and this is annoying, if you dont want to spend real money so fast... However, the game is good, but lacks of a great story... just the same missions all the time, but the progressing factor makes the game really enjoyable and it is the best game, for a long co-op session with up to three friends. The different powers of your characters makes teamwork be a quite good and fun making experience. However, after 750hours the game made me rethink the concept of the developers. The game is in beta status and instead of developming a release, the guys release a beta to other systems like PS4 and xbox one.... and the only thing that evolves is the money making updates of cosmetics and new weapons, or chars... and this sucks.... instead of developing the game, the creators develop updates with much more new bugs.... with the saying.. hey, we are in a beta... but why do they create new stuff, instead fixing the good old... after update 14 I've stopped playing, since I feel fooled by the developers.
game-hours: 370.5
review: i love this game, Its the best game to play when your bored
game-hours: 5.4
review: its alot of fun easy to play even looks good on my older computer
game-hours: 1319.3
review: it is a fun and good game if u like 3 person action games
game-hours: 1.6
review: Amazing game here. It's primairly aimed at people who like collecting loot as the gameplay, while fast paced and very fun, is a little repetitive after a while. It's got a real slow start to it, but once you get into the meat of the game and have a couple warframes to switch between things really get rolling. It's completely playable without ever having to give over any money, but if you get the discount as your sign-in bonus you should go ahead and throw some money their way. It's a great game and spending just $5 with the 75% discount can get you a new color palette to use for customization, and some extra slots to keep more warframes and weapons. Don't bother buying weapons or warframes with platinum unless you're really impatient or just have lots of money to throw around though as everything can be unlocked for free with enough effort put into the game, and playing them is kind of the point of games anyway. Overall you have no reason to not give this game a shot if you play shooters, which these days basically means everyone should at least try this game. I mean, it's free to play, looks great, is a blast to play, and isn't going to nag you 24/7 to throw hundreds of dollars at it.
game-hours: 564.2
review: This game is pretty fun once you get past the initial stages of gameplay and learning how to move. The stock weapons are absolute garbage after a few missions, so buying some more gear is a good thing, however most of the weapons, and ALL of the other warframes cost Platinum to aquire, so if you want to play something other then the Excalibur warframe, be prepared to shell out some of that hard earned money! Otherwise the game is solid, no bugs as far as I've seen aside from odd ragdolling here and there, solid co-op. Overall, a great game.
game-hours: 20.0
review: Ignore IGN on this one, they weren't bribed. Warframe is an addictive shooter set in an evolving sci-fi world. You play as the "Tenno", or... No. YOUR A SPACE NINJAH! Everyone goes on about the cash shop, or all the reviews i've seen do. I just write in the comments "LUL YOU NUBCAKE EVERYTHING IN THE GAME IS FREE!!!". Because it is. Put in the time and effort and you can get
game-hours: 188.0
review: for free. 8.5/10
game-hours: 11.6
review: good game third person shooter
game-hours: 96.0
review: It's awesome game.
game-hours: 57.5
review: it's awesome
game-hours: 13.9
review: No lag for Intel HD Graphic 3000 Mobile. Great looking even lowest settings.
game-hours: 4.2
review: this game is fun
game-hours: 297.5
review: Thrust me, hours feel like seconds while playing this game.
game-hours: 11.9
review: COLORS IN FACE AMAZING
game-hours: 27.3
review: it adds life and ecxitement.. wich is lost in most games it just makes you addicted because the feel of action never stops you can just keep going... and it aslo provides tons of choices for character creation wich makes it even more awesome.
game-hours: 29.3
review: hard game
game-hours: 48.3
review: Its awesome
game-hours: 8.0
review: pew pew pew the best call of duty game evaarrr
game-hours: 3.3
review: BEST GAME!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 230.3
review: hands down scond best game in my opinions second only to dark sector.
game-hours: 3.5
review: i was kinda skeptical on getting this game at first becuse my expierances with free to play games usually were not that good affter playing this game for a little bit on the online mode it is probably me second top online game! its so satisfying getting kills and such and the player base is really good 9.9/10 dude to the fact that it doesnt have a first person mode (that i know of)
game-hours: 99.8
review: A refreshing co-op that's hard to beat. Play it!
game-hours: 69.6
review: This game Is quiet fun and i would recommend it to others but if any one who is looking to add an extra friend am available over all it's an interesting game
game-hours: 119.9
review: Third person action rpg co-op space ninja robots? Fun, fast paced...a little lacking on the directions/information early on. But all in all cool concept and fun gameplay.
game-hours: 5.3
review: Warframe is the epitome of a Sci-Fi game. It is extremely fun, and it runs silky smooth. I even tried playing it on my 2 yr. old computer and it ran DECENTLY. I highly recommend this game. The combat is very fun, intuitive, and intense. The upgrade system is genius. The game has micro transactions, but for the most part the standard weapons function very efficiently. The story, albeit cliche, has a Halo-esc feel. The design and graphics are AMAZING. Oh. And it has less glitches than Battlefield 4. Just saying. It's a beta. And...it has less glitches. Just saying. Being informative, that's all *wink wink*.
game-hours: 2.9
review: ing jenieos
game-hours: 412.6
review: Ninjas with guns and .
game-hours: 179.0
review: Great fast paced game. Its a great Shoot-em up!
game-hours: 97.7
review: One of the best co-operative games out there, hands down. There is a noticable lack of progress as you start off in the game with your first Warframe but as you start to expand the Tenno campaign against the Grineer, Corpus and Infested (the funnest of the three to fight), you will find that upgrades become easier and easier to get. The collection of mods, weapons, blueprints, rare materials is truely addicting. The downside? The lopsided micro-transactions. Do not let the slow-going at the start fool you into sinking money into this necessarily. Nearly everything can be collected through gameplay, alerts, operations, etc. Patience perseveres in this. As for me, I sunk some cash into this because I wanted to support the developer of the game. They've really crafted a fantastic product here that is easy to jump into but also has the depth that hardcore players crave. Unconditional Recommendation!
game-hours: 270.0
review: This is by far the best game I have seen in quite a while. So much to do and endless amounts of things to modify. The graphics are amazing, but do not really tax your system. Also I am able to play with others on a slow connection. One of the only complete free games that you don't actually have to pay to buy necessary items. If you do spend a bit it is easy to customize or start with weapons you would prefer not to wait for.
game-hours: 26.4
review: Fun mission based online shooter.
game-hours: 10.5
review: dun dun. dun dun. dunununununununun. DADADA! - IGN
game-hours: 82.3
review: Get this
game-hours: 252.7
review: Awesome Game! Must have!
game-hours: 99.8
review: Robotic Space Ninjas With Powers, i would think thats enough to say but i need to say more. It is a very addictive game very conveniant that most items you can earn or find in the various levels, bosses are unique and enjoyable, weapons range from unique to just bizarre but all are good in their own way. Recommended to play with a friend for more fun and explosive mayhem.
game-hours: 293.9
review: THis game doesnt appeal in the start. BUTTTTT, as you slowly understand more about the game, you start to get really into it
game-hours: 27.5
review: Very Good Game , Pay Ingame To Be The Best Sharp and stunning graphics.
game-hours: 5.2
review: What's not to love about power ranger space ninjas? Pros: 1. Fun, engaging combat with lots of unique 'classes' and playstyles. 2. Great customization. 3. Beautiful graphics. 4. Really fun with friends. 5. The acrobatics (running, climbing walls, backflipping, etc) are very well done. Cons: 1. It's extremely easy 98% of the time and the other 2% of the time it's mind-numbingly frustratingly difficult.] 2. The dialogue is terrible as is the voice for the robot girl who tells you what's going on. It's also annoying after a while when she tells you there are life signs heading towards you and then says, "It's the Grineer!" in surprise... Of course it's the damn Grineer. It's always the Grineer. Why does she need to say that every time? We know its the Grineer.
game-hours: 58.7
review: This game offers a fast pace, amazing graphics/effects, unique fighting style, customization, and much more. If you do not mind raiding stages (that can be similar at times) over and over again, then this game will be fun.
game-hours: 62.9
review: Good online parkour game!
game-hours: 18.5
review: Hours of entertainment can be squeezed out of this game for FREE. It's never too repetitive and there are plenty of ways to create your own unique warframe.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Pretty good game, worth the download. Past the terms and customisation, the plot and missions are pretty good. And the other thing, its free, so why not?
game-hours: 50.4
review: best ninja game ever
game-hours: 417.3
review: Warframe is an excellent game, and it's free! You are a murderous cybernetic power suit space ninja dude going around slaughtering various evil factions to help bring balance to the Origin solar system. The combat in the game is satisfying, offering high diversity of loadout choices with so many different weapons and mods that can drastically change the way you use them. The movement is top notch, with a well implemented parkour system (sometimes it can be a bit wonky, but that's mostly just funny) that makes the game very high mobility in a refreshing way. The story is not really yet developed, though the placeholders for one are definitely in place. Warframe is a constantly evolving game, and will have something quite different basically each few months that you're playing! The sooner you get in on this, the better!
game-hours: 90.5
review: this is dope snoopy
game-hours: 11.7
review: You are a ninja. In a space. Kicking a**es. Just play it.
game-hours: 43.6
review: I like the models in the game. They have some really nice polygons, sometimes im just staring at that rather than the actual game. Those sweet, hi-def polygons.
game-hours: 9.1
review: This game is confusing at first but once you learn your way around its pretty intricate. It has so many details but not overwhelming. The graphics are good but not great. And the free running and movements in-game are so smooth. This is a free game so you don't have anything to lose.
game-hours: 186.3
review: I started playing warframe during open beta back in 2013. It was fun back then but the UI was confusing and gameplay became repetitive very quickly. Fast forward to late 2014....I jumped in to see how things had changed as was BLOWN AWAY at the updates DE made to the game. The onboarding process is 100% better for new players. The UI, while not perfect, is far easier to understand. The gameplay can still be a bit repetitive but thanks to the additional variety of missions/environments/enemies/bosses it is a lot of fun to jump into for a random 1-2 hour session. In addition, I can't think of any F2P games with combat mechanics as well polished as Warframe. Its console-tight and responsive with an awesome variety of unique weapons and skills to master. Plus, the game encourages experimentation with different warframes and weapons rather forcing players to pick a "favorite" loadout to advance with. My advice to anyone who likes the concept of badass space ninja combat - check it out and put in at least a few hours. Ideally, join a clan on Steam to help you get through some of the early missions and quickly answer your inevitable questions (i.e. What's a forma? What's the deal with leveling gear vs mastery levels? What is prime gear and how do I get it? etc). Warframe is a DEEP game and there are definitely more advanced concepts that DE does not hold your hand through. This is actually good news though...if you are a new player, the basic mechanics are straightforward. Once you decide to invest more time in the game, the depth and mystery around certain aspects is what makes you come back for more. My final point around the F2P model - yes, this game is F2P which means there is a level of "grinding" for gear and levels. However, the journey of this particular grind is what makes this game standout from other F2P titles. Running around shooting,slicing,and dicing enemies in all kinds of unique ways is not a bad system to grind through. Plus, the structure of the co-op system tends to foster more cooperative player groups vs griefer d-bags. This is also the first F2P game I have spent real money on. For me, this was a huge milestone and illustrates that value I place on the overall experience ;)
game-hours: 35.2
review: need on linux ubuntu
game-hours: 11.3
review: Run around go "whooosh" and slice some er's up! but for real I recoment this game, I sat down with it at around 7 in the morning and played 3 or 4 minssions (notincluding the tutorial/start of the game mission. and I thought it was taking no time at all then I see its 4 hours later and I was having fun. THE CONS I can say with this game would be the pricing for the credits that cost money are weirdly priced.while a certain weapon can cost as much as a bad  character, and the last thing I don't like is at the beging of the game you choose between 3 characters but at the end of the mission it starts you off with the one of the class excalibur no matter what class you chose. Like I played a Volt class/ character and loved it and then had it taken away from me. Yes beging characters are only 75 moneys credits but so far the game has given me 50 to start off with and no more. this chose isn't a huge thing but it isn't small. The fact that it give you a tease while annoying truely a good selling point tbh. Because I am more then tempted to spend just 5 bucks to be able to get some cool character or just get the volt like I orginally wanted,. THE PROS? well The game looks beatiful, Tons of graphical settings, amazing story, ing great gameplay! You have a chose to usually just plow through all missions or stay stealth. or takout room one my one but still tanking them and then hacking a comand console to make them not alert of your presence anymore. SO MUCH VARIETY and then Difficulty. Now it is a good tool though. because its not suoer hard or even "hard" but unlike other f2p third person games you have to use strategy. think about cover, so many diffrent routes to take sometimes to one objective., because you can tank the levels you still have to be a smark tank that doges enemy/block fire. uses ability when best needed, etc...... So yeah them me thoughts. get it
game-hours: 6.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 7.1
review: fun but sometimes has bad graphics
game-hours: 0.2
review: its looks cool
game-hours: 8.1
review: good game definetly worth playing
game-hours: 141.2
review: Warframe is a great game. Great action, great abilities and weapons, and great graphics. I will admit, the game can be a bit confusing at the beginning, but once you learn the controls and learn how your abilities work, it becomes really fun and addictive. That said, though they are minute, this game does have a few flaws. .. This game can easily be a 'Pay to Win' game. Let me clarify for those who have never played this game. you CAN pay for your equipment, and not have to work for the materials & blueprints, and wait for the build time. This does not mean that your new gun/warframe is extremely overpowered. you still have to rank it up and acquire the mods for the equipment. The last flaw i find is this game can get a bit repetitive. you really do not fight any players unless you go to the conclaves. In basic gameplay, you can fight alongside other players, who may be more powerful and experienced than you. This means you are running the same few types of missions and enemies over and over... All of this can be looked over because of the sheer fact that this is a Beta, and still a Work in Progress. What has been said is only to notify those curious of what this game has to offer. Though i've listed negative things about the game, It offers so much more positive features. It is a free to play game, meaning they need to get money some how. They have preserved Player choice, giving players a lot of customizability in terms of warframes, abilities, mods, and color schemes, all adding to player choice in gameplay and aesthetic choice. For those curious, give this game a chance. It may look odd at first, but this game can offer a lot in terms of playability.
game-hours: 85.2
review: Fantastic game, great to play with friends, up to a year of playtime, if not more. Great game to play when you're bored, and an interesting storyline.
game-hours: 89.5
review: get it
game-hours: 82.7
review: This game Is FREAKIN AWESOME!!! The graphics and intensity are unbelievable for a free game. Downsides are tricky user interfaces, and lighting errors for non-gaming purposed machines, otherwise, totally enjoyable.
game-hours: 6.6
review: i love it.
game-hours: 51.8
review: One of the coolest and best F2P's out there. Definitley worth the try.
game-hours: 70.0
review: Yes, yes, and more yes. The words "no" and "bad" don't exist when associated with this game.
game-hours: 10.1
review: This game is really great. The only thing that could be upsetting is that at times you may want more power with your weapons and you just will not get it unless you mod your weapons or find all the parts for your blue prints. It can be very challenging. I feel almost like I cannot avoid taking damage, but you can definitely deal damage. All in all, I do enjoy this game and it is holding my interest. Also, it is a plus that you can PVE in it unlike some other free-to-play action games.
game-hours: 430.6
review: If you think ninjas are about swords and throwing stars, THINK AGAIN! We got flamethrowers, miniguns, shrapnel cannons, grenade launchers, and some dude named Rhino...Oh, and if ninjas are stealthy, warframes are freaking rambo on drugs.
game-hours: 298.5
review: GET.TIS.GAME!!
game-hours: 41.0
review: Unique MMORPG coupled with FPS plus free style hack and slash, and on top of that, you get to customize your equipments, skills and progression of your characters just as you would in a MMORPG. Great!
game-hours: 2.9
review: Needs to be on Xbox One
game-hours: 1096.7
review: Great Graphics and game play. Good fun for groups and solo. So many options to play.
game-hours: 86.8
review: farkn sickkkk
game-hours: 195.1
review: Are you interested in quick paced, rpg, 3rd person, zombie, ninja, robot shooters? You simply need to try this out then even if you don't, since it's also free with no pay2win methods because it's Co-op as well! There are tons of weapons, warframes, and mods to use, the sounds and graphics are stunning and the story well.. I really didn't care for since I just wanted to kill stuff. Negatives: Gets really and I mean really grindy, why? well... the main goal in this game is just to rank up your mastery which requires you to craft everything and lvl them up fully. Which makes it really repetitive so you may want to farm with your friends so you can keep on doing so. I got addicted whenever I made a new frame, sentinel, or weapon wanting me to max it out making it more powerful with w/e mods I decided to place which is satisfying. It's well worth trying but is it worth staying? Well... go in and find out on what you think.
game-hours: 12.1
review: Just an absolutly overall lovely game. The frame rates and glitches in people are crazy but thats no matter. This game is one of the best I have seen for the free to plays. I hope everyone else enjoys the game as much as I am!
game-hours: 17.4
review: 8/10 - Fun and challanging but quite repetetive at times. Still worth getting tho.
game-hours: 39.4
review: Yeah, it's good.
game-hours: 603.1
review: What can i say your a freakn space ninja with a dog that has elf ears and a bat nose. It is one of the best free to play games with microtransactions in it IMO they implemented it in such a way where you absolutely do not need to buy anything with real money. The trading system needs to be in more games also the way you rank up through the mastery ranks, it makes you use everything until its fully leveled, not just get it and you dont like it so you sell it . GG 8/10 would play again
game-hours: 889.2
review: Such a legend game! Space Ninjas! And Parkour! Woop!
game-hours: 10.2
review: yep
game-hours: 142.6
review: good game for play 100 hours max. then it is getting boring
game-hours: 21.1
review: i love fast paced action games, but never liked shooters. im more comfortable with melee combat. but with this game its a mixture of both melee and guns. The combat is so smooth and fluid i actually liked pulling out my hand gun and shoot a few grineers while wall running, sliding across the floor past a horde, or in mid-air after a high leap. this is by far my most favorite action game that i can just hop into and go ninja... with a gun.
game-hours: 352.0
review: It's aight
game-hours: 22.6
review: Really fun while i was able to play it...Played for 2 hours but now whenever i play for more than 10 minutes it always says Evolution engine has stopped working.Hopefully they are able to fix this problem cause it seems like alot of people have this problem too
game-hours: 1.6
review: this game seems fun but I can't get it yet because my graphics card doesn't meet the requirments..
game-hours: 52.8
review: Wow is all I can say.
game-hours: 257.4
review: The best free game i have ever played, after Team Fortress 2 e.e
game-hours: 64.4
review: Awesome game :D 5*
game-hours: 1.6
review: warframe ing sucks when i installed the update it failed no one shoiuld install this ing game
game-hours: 26.5
review: Such a good game.
game-hours: 13.6
review: I love ths game so far its the first FREE game i have seen with a campaign and it includes parkour 3rd person shooters stealth and up close and far away action. This game is awesome for the looters and the parkourists out there. GET THIS GAME! its so great that I spent money on it. I rarely spend money on anything, its that good! GET IT AND PLEY WIT MEH!!!
game-hours: 280.3
review: Warframe, One of the best Free COOP Online shooters out there. They gameplay is kinda routine u kill enemies and complete tasks, This can get boring (especially if u don't play with friends) but if u continue u will be rewarded! (U'll need to grind A LOT) The high variety of weopons, warframe and mods (upgrades for weopons/warframes) could make every session different u can adjust ur play style to the warframe u play with so it always stay different. Also the EVENTS are always fun to do en they show up frequently wich makes u wanna play even after u said that u would stop (it happend to me) I hope this inspires u to give it a try and remember never give up and keep grinding!
game-hours: 84.9
review: Very much a grinding game, but in the third person style. Before I get deeper into anything I'd like to say that this is a good time passer, as defense and survival missions (endless until you want to leave) can take an hour (plus) depending on your group. All of the weapons (except a few that were for founders only) are all available in game, purchasable with the credits you earn fighting or by their platinum (Real money). Using in game currency you have to purchase the blueprints through the store (They don't cost platinum) then you have to grind for the materials. And I mean grind, look at what is available where before you purchase, because it'll take you a while to get to the next location and time to farm the materials in that sector, then it takes 12 hours (Yes, realtime) to complete it, then you have to level it up to add mods. Basically rinse and repeat that cycle of buying, farming, building, and you have Warframe. Some people hate games like this (Usually myself), but given it's allotted me the ability to kill an hour here, an hour there, it works for what it is.
game-hours: 49.8
review: The best free to play game on Steam
game-hours: 8.5
review: If you like Borderlands, Mass Effect 3, and Ninjas this is the game to play. It is free and even more fun if played with friends. You and your friends play through missions together against enemy AI. Hey it is free so give it a shot and you get to be a space ninja.
game-hours: 2.6
review: I tried playing this before but was too laggy I upgraded my RAM SHOULD I TRY AGAIN
game-hours: 53.8
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 15.0
review: amazing game very addicitng id highy recommend
game-hours: 135.1
review: There is nothing to say about this game except that it's free and it's amazing. Download it now.
game-hours: 144.9
review: Brilliant game, so many different styles to use and all for free. I alsmost feel like I'm cheating the system playing such an awesome game completely for free
game-hours: 34.2
review: Good First Person Shooter
game-hours: 408.9
review: Epic game! So much content and goals in it already, with many mroe on the way. Warframe is a great free to play game.
game-hours: 2.7
review: Pretty good game, very fun for us old skool shooter types, reminds me of the fps games like the Quake engine games
game-hours: 131.9
review: In my opinion, this is the best free to play currently out there. Gameplay is smooth, end game is good, and it's a ton of fun with friends. The clan dojo adds something most games lack, and that is a feeling of helping the clan make your own home the way YOU want it. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 117.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 0.7
review: the game will not work it shows that have not got the pack 3
game-hours: 24.5
review: a fun free to play game if a bit clunky in places
game-hours: 12.7
review: Basically you control a futuristic ninja of space hell bent on saving the Galaxy from a bunch of a-holes. Pretty legit.
game-hours: 3.3
review: this is a fun awsome game
game-hours: 58.8
review: good game
game-hours: 210.5
review: Game was just okay until some updates made it awesome. Third person sci-fi with shooter and melee elements combined with a versatile character that looks badass, just perfect. Plus, it's free.
game-hours: 42.5
review: Can simply putting your time in it. The Graphic is magnifique!! APPROVE ps. the crafting time is too much i think :P
game-hours: 63.0
review: Space ninjas. if that doesnt sell it, the freerunning might. Not for intense play- otherwise boredom might set in.
game-hours: 123.2
review: Very enjoyable free-to-play game. Doesn't even require any money to be enjoyed, unless you absolutely hate grinding because this game has a lot of it. Definitely worth trying out.
game-hours: 2.3
review: A great free to play game
game-hours: 63.6
review: LOVED IT just brilliant when i had it redownloading it soon amazing design
game-hours: 446.7
review: A fun game if you like shooters, can get repetitive, but there is always something to have fun with.
game-hours: 801.2
review: Awesome (:
game-hours: 417.5
review: At sight is the best Free to Play game I ever play. Excelent experience.
game-hours: 15.6
review: Although the story is really weird and hard to follow it stays fun from the action packed combat. The slow upgrading keeps you engaged and gives you a goal to work towards while you kill a mulitude of enemies with your array of weaponry, which ranges from pistols to snipers and even throws in a sword giving the player a sort of "ninja-James Bond" feel. All in all what the game lackes in story it makes up in actual gameplay. I'd give 7.5/10
game-hours: 111.8
review: this game is so good its awsomeness will explode the unpripairds brains
game-hours: 1331.6
review: Mass Effect + Ninja Gaiden= Oh my everloving hotpocket this game is fun.
game-hours: 20.7
review: Very fun games with friends and you dont need to buy weapons for the best. Very enjoyable with new quests daily and different guns and mods for each weapon. If you love playing with friends then this game is for you :D
game-hours: 1.2
review: lloll
game-hours: 76.2
review: Addicting definetely worth a play
game-hours: 223.2
review: One the best game to play with friends, solo, not that much
game-hours: 715.1
review: yes yes
game-hours: 372.6
review: You get to play as space ninjas for this game. FREAKING. SPACE. NINJAS.
game-hours: 591.6
review: This game is great, however, you absolutely must grease your nipples twice a day to succeed in anything.
game-hours: 427.3
review: Very cool and highy addictive game to play. Warframe is so vast and huge its seems endless which is great for a game becasue it means its gonna be a while before completing it.
game-hours: 507.2
review: Worth a try, really fun with friends
game-hours: 20.6
review: A Brilliant Third-person shooter that really makes you enjoy parkour and gun&sword-play
game-hours: 474.3
review: A fun game to play with friends. What is even better it's free.
game-hours: 210.4
review: Played this game over 100 hours. Fast gameplay and constantly tweaked and updated. Well worth your time!
game-hours: 941.4
review: a great take on the sci-fi shooter genre. fast paced gunplay, interspersed by simple, but potent, sword play. you are a ninja+!
game-hours: 306.3
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 66.8
review: Gun blazing and sword slashing and all co - op = AWESOME :D
game-hours: 133.0
review: five star
game-hours: 44.7
review: " !  !   !  !"
game-hours: 177.7
review: The grind is REAL with this one!!!
game-hours: 3700.2
review: MHHH SO MUCH FARMS
game-hours: 174.9
review: Great game, you search for material to build weapons from blue prints, so many characters you can be, but it expensive to get anywere fast... but it is fun, just time consuming
game-hours: 243.8
review: Awesome third-person alien shooter. So intense it literally hurts your head, in a good way. You should try it out, it's free!
game-hours: 24.6
review: Warframe is fun, but not without strings attached. Whether or not you enjoy yourself is entirely dependant on your circumstances. If you have the money to burn on Platinum (and you will definitely need more than a few dollars), you can get right in the thick of things with a couple of different Warframes, and some swagtastic weaponry. Everything is priced extraordinarily high, but if you have the means, this is definitely the way you want to play. If, however, you think you'll be able to fight the incredible grind without dropping real coin, there's fun to be had, but your time is most likely better spent elsewhere.
game-hours: 4.2
review: gzele benziyor....
game-hours: 722.7
review: A great game well worth the time of anyone interested in 3rd person shooters!
game-hours: 373.1
review: Over 100 hours logged at a max of 10 days after I've started playing- this game is an amazing 3rd person shooter Co-op and if you've got any friend to play it with is amazing fun. Oh, and it's free. GO PLAY IT.
game-hours: 54.7
review: its amazing choppy chop
game-hours: 25.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 0.5
review: I dont understand so thumbs up I guess :P
game-hours: 114.6
review: The game runs pretty damn well with max settings at 60 fps. The detail is really good, althow the level design isn't optimal, and you will find yourself running around similar rooms quite often... yet the game keeps you hooked. Some might find it repetitive, but I find it interesting as there's always change involved in the game, even if it might not seem so at first. It's hard to explain to somebody who hasn't played the game yet, but since it's free, I highly reccomend you download it ASAP, it's only about 4 GB with patches and all. It's when you figure out how all the mechanics work that you start enjoying the game
game-hours: 297.3
review: Warframe Is easily one of my favorite Third-person shooters of all-time. Fun Gameplay, cool weapons and awesome Characters. The only downside to this game is the In-game currency. Platinum. It is vastly over-priced, but you will never be forced to buy anything because, All of the weapons and characters in the game are obtainable by means of Grind. Which is great considering the gameplay is so fun, You hardly notice you are grinding at all! In my opinion, WarFrame is One of the best Free-To-Play Games on Steam.
game-hours: 3.7
review: its ok
game-hours: 39.7
review: Ninjas with machine guns fighting zombies in space. THE END.
game-hours: 16.6
review: i think its a pretty good game, it is enjoyable. i played it when it was first released before it was even on steam and well, all the glitches and such i experienced are probably now fixed. so if those are all fixed id imagine it is an enjoyable game for all. the only thing i disliked was well, its halfway impossible to find the items to craft armor or weapons. which gets you annoyed and you end up wanting to spend real money on in-game currency.
game-hours: 48.8
review: game its awesome. starts kinda slow but once you learn all about it you wont stop playing it
game-hours: 17.5
review: I don't even know what to write about this game .. :D It's so interesting, fun and good that i lost my words .. I recommend it to new and advanced players of this genre . :3 + Its Free to Play
game-hours: 132.5
review: Fast pace, beautiful, action packed, ninja style, Sci Fi themed, addictive game. It can get a bit grindy at time, but for the most part, if you like ninjas, FPS and Sci-Fi, then this game is for you.
game-hours: 23.5
review: This game is very good so far. You can choose from multiple character builds, or "tenno's" and you can customize them and play with cooperatively with others. Just like most free to play games, you can get what you want much faster if you buy it with real money. There are still ways to get what you want though, it just take more time to get them. Overall though this is a very good game, and its free.
game-hours: 61.4
review: i reccomend this game to everyone on steam this game is awesome
game-hours: 89.5
review: Needless to say, some heavy grinding is involved in playing this game. But, if you're looking for some fun with shooting while sliding, wall running and being a space ninja, then this game is definately for you.
game-hours: 206.2
review: A 3rd person, co-op, shooter with some RPG and MMO elements. It's sci-fi setting and lore are mostly unique and refreshing. It is also one of the few games i have seen that uses the "free to play" model right! It is also worth noticing the incredible amount of support the game has received post launch from it's developers and fans alike, as well as how much it has advanced and evolved in almost every front since it was originally released. More than worth giving it a try in my opinion!
game-hours: 138.0
review: Space Ninjas vs. Space Nazis. Best plot ever. Cut everything in half, Best game mechanic ever. This game is awesome.
game-hours: 6.2
review: yes
game-hours: 132.2
review: Woah a lot has changed since I last wrote a review for this game. Definitely much better now and fixed alot of the old issues with it. Anyone should give it a try it's good fun.
game-hours: 174.2
review: I great f2p sci-fi shooter with great graphics, ALOT of enemy variation,a great crafting system, and good parkour mechanics. However, the controls are a bit stiff, and there are a dissapointing amount of bugs. 8/10
game-hours: 4.9
review: good game but could use more weapons and easier menu options, a little complicated
game-hours: 1.0
review: cool shoot em up ! check it out its free and looks very good on a 7xx card
game-hours: 397.3
review: Awesome game, good graphics only downside would be since its peer to peer if your host has bad internet lets just say the amount of lag is insane. But overall an amazing and addicting game.
game-hours: 2.8
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 282.4
review: Do this ninja style!
game-hours: 10.2
review: Pretty good.
game-hours: 53.0
review: UHUHUHUHUHUHUHHUHUUHUHUH
game-hours: 210.8
review: I like it. It's fun. Be one of us.
game-hours: 633.8
review: Most amount of shooting ninja wall jumping SCIFI fun I had in a shooter MMO game ever. Really Totally free unlike many other games, able to trade mod cards, raid keys, for both game credits and real cash plat. Brillant. Fun game to play with a few freinds or get into a guild with base construction. I'm dreaming of Hot Space Ninjas. Love this game.
game-hours: 50.7
review: A definite yes on playing this game!
game-hours: 265.0
review: Without a doubt i recomend this game, and it's a great time to start fresh update new tileset and game mode new weapons and warframe!!!!!!!
game-hours: 316.3
review: Very nice in graphics,gameplay, and items to use. There are many guns to buy and gather ingidients to make them. Has a very cool way upgrading weapons,charectar, etc. Only thing that is bad that the game has SOME bugs but it's ok. Also the AI sometimes just doesn't really operate right, like for an example I once saw the enemy AI just walk pass me. 7 and a half/10 Great game
game-hours: 7.0
review: Beautiful Game its great and controller friendly great ggraphics irresistable
game-hours: 277.6
review: Warning: Prepare to Shell out 20$ if you plan to play for more than a day or two. The game itself is pretty fun and brings a very satisfying gameplay. Really no reason to download and try for a few hours. All items can be acquired (slowly) just by playing. The only thing players are really forced to buy are permanent inventory space, which is a must, since there are alot of weapons you will want to get and Warframes. That being said, prepare for the game to get very repetative after first 72 hours of playtime. There is no real Endgame, and all missions become repetative grinds for Mod cards and Resources.
game-hours: 149.2
review: HOLY SHART NUGGETS THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 499.0
review: much addict. very farm. so ninja
game-hours: 191.8
review: Epic Space ninjas what more do you want?
game-hours: 3.5
review: vezzy vezzy good, nice physics, needs alot of friends 9.5/10
game-hours: 1180.5
review: Fast pace game, good looking visuals and customizations, Friendly community, game is always up to date, they keep there fans up to date
game-hours: 419.5
review: Love this game. Always come back to it. Easy to get into - Fun and light.
game-hours: 1719.8
review: The best co-op shooter I know... and its free =)
game-hours: 10.0
review: AMAZING Graphics favorite game in steam so far :D tons of fun EXTREMLY ADDICITIVE
game-hours: 1048.8
review: While starting off on this game i felt like i wouldnt enjoy but as i played through the game i found out that this game is really good and while yes, the art style looks weirdish (hammer head loki) it grew on me and farming in this game can be annoying, once you get your gear leveled up it should be a breeze. If you are eyeing this game at lest give it a go.
game-hours: 79.1
review: This Game is TOP NOTCH for graphics in gameplay.. every move is like a movie and it still never stops amazing me with new crazy enviroments or amazing scenes.. LOVEIT more games should adapt this playstyle and camera control options
game-hours: 355.8
review: Awfully grindy, but the late-game can be fun.
game-hours: 13.7
review: ninjas,swords,,profit, would play again
game-hours: 137.6
review: yes it became my obsession . I love this game and I will finish it
game-hours: 1.0
review: Like ^^
game-hours: 1047.3
review: Space Ninjas! This game is awesome, it allows for customization on a level hardly seen in video games today. The combat is great, and there is a challenge for those who are looking for it. But in all honesty, if it didn't have you at the concept of space ninjas than you probably aren't into this kind of game.
game-hours: 746.8
review: it's alot of fun
game-hours: 41.0
review: Very good game but i dislike playing it from steam so i got it from the original website
game-hours: 12.0
review: Fun to slice and dice mofo's up all day long..
game-hours: 161.7
review: This game is fun and makes you feel like a badass the whole time thrue
game-hours: 10.5
review: i hate this game i hate this game agian but love at the same time
game-hours: 167.0
review: Mega Spiel, trotz Beta, macht es jetzt schon richtig Laune
game-hours: 1.8
review: the games is the best high paste action shooter and i just love the story and the BLOOD OH YEAH ALOT OF IT and mass scale killing witch is ing awesome
game-hours: 17.6
review: All i can say is, a complete third person action shooting game.Has some charms...
game-hours: 191.1
review: This game is really fun oncew u get better weapons and warframes.The bosses are a challenge but they can pay off.
game-hours: 8.8
review: Best Free Co-op game in steam!
game-hours: 162.8
review: Decent game at start , but wears quickly out and get repetetive and boring. Ninjas in space thou...
game-hours: 46.4
review: Great game, great grapics, great ping, but with a catch. EVERYTHING COSTS A LOT. Except maybe a few things. You have to be a really determined and hugely dedicated player. Still a great game; 3 out of 4 but just that large cost... Especially for buying platinum.
game-hours: 921.7
review: a must have game!!! free to play and its pretty good, even if u get in to it u dont really need to spend money like most free games, but if u want level up quick it wont cost a arm or legg!!!!
game-hours: 287.3
review: Awesome... Who doesn't like space ninja's???
game-hours: 909.8
review: its wicked awesome deadpool approved though theres a lack of naked women its an 18 rated game why not go all the way
game-hours: 0.5
review: HELL YES!!!
game-hours: 182.8
review: Space Ninjas! Oh wow!
game-hours: 0.9
review: Awesome
game-hours: 118.8
review: Positive things said before seem true. Ive been missing this game and didnt even know I do. Finest mixture of several games that I like - including Left 4 Dead, Mass Effect or Crysis. Lets see if this will become pay to win in later stages...at the beginning its not and just fun!
game-hours: 787.6
review: best game eva
game-hours: 593.6
review: a sapce ninja, prety cool, nice gameplay, the mission a little repetitive.
game-hours: 8.1
review: freaken awsome
game-hours: 497.7
review: Why to play this game: - its free! - its barely 1,5gb! - cool action with gun and blade! - did i mention its FREE?! Play it. Now.
game-hours: 90.8
review: It's fun to play. It has lots of weapons, warframes(characters each with different playstyle and skills). Almost everything can be obtained without money spending. The graphics is quite good, the environment looks really good. It's a fantastic co-op mission based free to play game.
game-hours: 557.5
review: why do i have 300 hours in this game when the hell did that happen
game-hours: 393.1
review: I started playing Warframe since Janurary of this year. Warframe feels like a combination of Dead Space, Mass Effect, and more. Warframe is a 4 player Co-op type game and there's no PVP just only PVE. Warframe has at least 8 different game modes, multiple types of enemies like soldiers, zombies and more. Each character has their own unique "powers" to help your teammates to complete the missions, you can also recoor your character to any color you want. Warframe also has pets called "Sentinels" which allows to have a pet that fights for you. For example, it can regain your health, shields, and turning you invisible for temporary amount of time. I only mention about half of the "awesome" things are in this game and if you want to know more about this game. I think you know what to do! That right! Download the game and try it out! PS. Message me if you need any assistance! I will be glad to help anyone stranger or friends.
game-hours: 887.8
review: Every update ruins my life.
game-hours: 383.4
review: its good and fun
game-hours: 14.3
review: ammamdaHAWWAD
game-hours: 63.9
review: A magnifique game. 10/10 would warframe
game-hours: 372.6
review: I love this game, very fun if you play it with your friends. Try it out!
game-hours: 70.8
review: The game is great, beautiful graphics, fast paced action. The downside is its free to play, so its cash shop controlled, meaning if you got a lot of rea l life cash you can get anything you want early on... so expect to be left in the dust often in group runs until youve played for a long long time and built up your mods, people who payed cash for all their stuff will be at a massive advantage. I played for months without getting a single gold orokin catalyst which doubles the amount of mods you can equip to a weapon, or your suit, or anything. Still a fun as hell game, cuz you can play solo or online. Getting groups together with people you actually know is shoddy at best, and takes alot of screwing around with the channels. For the longest time my friend and i couldnt even play together because it kept saying i was offline to him, and vice-versa. Guild halls are almost cash shop reliant... like the orokin gold catalysts....that  never drops in a run....so you pretty much gotta spend real money on it to build a guild hall...and why would you even want to build one? Not sure havent seen any actual reason for it yet other than aesthetic purpose.
game-hours: 41.2
review: Great game for a free to play truly great but the gameplay can be a little to hard and it, in a way makes you pay in order to get the good stuff totally 2013
game-hours: 20.8
review: for 3rd person shooting game and free to play? i recommend this game
game-hours: 30.8
review: Great game very very addicting loads of fun definitley a must have!!
game-hours: 61.0
review: It's free, you can get practically everything through playing (that includes cosmetic items),and it's really fun with a group. atleast try it.
game-hours: 35.3
review: this is an awesome game totaly worth every second of game time =D
game-hours: 4.2
review: The gameplay itself is fun as hell, but the over all interface of the game is probably the main reason more people don't play this. It's confusing how to set up your character or even really how to get into missions or what order to do them in. Clicking the wrong thing can have you doing the same novice mission over and over, or throw you in a game way above your level (for you to get slaughtered). Communication in game can be lacking as well, and so can direction. Over all the game is fun and amusing, but doesn't really have much long term playability. I put yes on recommend because it's worth checking out, but without a revamp I don't see it ever getting overly popular.
game-hours: 44.8
review: best game i've ever played in my entire life!
game-hours: 67.1
review: A great game if you like the combat and power system. I qualify it like that because combat is fairly repetitive, which is not bad if you enjoy the fight. Although not exactly the same, Warframe seems like Hellgate: London done better. It has the loot-driven action RPG feel through collecting materials, mods, and blueprints, and a super simple and effective matchmaking system. Entirely possible to play without putting any real money in, but you can also get quite a bit for paying in a little. Highly recommended. What do you have to lose?
game-hours: 45.3
review: Very Fun to play, especially if you have friends you can work together with. plus, its free so whats to lose
game-hours: 1.4
review: It's very addicting and extremly fun and just basicly CHAOTIC EPICNESS
game-hours: 21.0
review: Good graphics, nice gameplay, cool levels.
game-hours: 7.2
review: If you really like space ninjas then this game is for you. to get really good stuff you have to put time in the game. It has AMAZING graphics. But it can get boring
game-hours: 727.2
review: Amazing game if your looking for a free to play to lose yourself in for hours at a time this is the game for you!
game-hours: 2640.7
review: lots of guns nice abitlys on each frame menny difrent ones and the abitly to mod everything to inhance your power and everything is earned its not limited by cash items tho its nice to use :)
game-hours: 417.6
review: I love this game. It is so worth getting. It so much fun to just mess around with all the weapons. Only thing I don't like is that it isn't too friendly to the newbies. But if you stick with it for just a bit, it gets 100x better.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Since I don't have windows i just play on my PS4. Pretty cool. Controls kinda weird but not awful.
game-hours: 110.3
review: Solid game. No need for microtransactions to have fun and be competitive. Can be a bit hardware intensive from time to time, but nothing to fret over. 7/10 as a shooter, 9/10 as a free to play MMO, 7.5/10 overall. *Disclaimer: personal opinion*
game-hours: 22.3
review: This game is great. If you like ninjas, parkour, and being an all around badass, play it!  it, even if you do not like those things, play WF!
game-hours: 445.5
review: A game of running, shooting, and flying through the air. Kill hundreds of enemies, and look bad  while you do it. Fire grenades that will kill you if you aren't careful(Penta), or use the Noodle tentacle  gun(Phage). Go flying around with a pair of Dagger-axes(Dual zoren) or kill almost anything with a single swing of your blade(Galantine) In all honesty, What DE is doing with Warframe is a great change of pace from the norm. I mean, Space ninjas, How could you as for more?
game-hours: 1287.2
review: my play time is your answer
game-hours: 12.0
review: best ninja game
game-hours: 117.6
review: It has gud. It's like, melee. Ninja fun.
game-hours: 20.7
review: This has to be the best ninja/COD: AW game on the planet
game-hours: 156.4
review: Your actions have consequences.
game-hours: 0.9
review: This game is a very good game to play. Unless you dont like MMO kinds of games. I recommend.
game-hours: 18.4
review: you should get this game it is the best game in the world
game-hours: 7.9
review: Awesome game. :)
game-hours: 5.7
review: Great Co-op game :D 8/10
game-hours: 0.1
review: Josh Peck loves this game cuz josh peck needs something to love, and do u know what that is, this game and oprah
game-hours: 488.3
review: Gotta go fast.
game-hours: 235.1
review: i highly recomond this game beacause of the graphics and the shooters its just great so get the game its free!
game-hours: 53.5
review: Quite an awesome game with a great idea. Had a lot of fun playing and i'd play it non-stop if my pc could really take it. Not sure if anything has changed recently requirement-wise, but, Warframe needs a pretty strong pc if you hate lag spikes and really look to the graphics a bit more than what the game has to offer in other perspectives. It's a really well put together game and it's continuously updated and enhanced. Goes perfect for a gaming weekend with your friends and you can actually employ, test and perfect group tactics as well as solo; many missions require a stealthier aproach which is a pretty nice touch seeing as most MMOs require you to smash everything you see in sight. The only problem for me was the fact that, eventually, it becomes repetitive, many users being forced to take on lesser level missions in order to grow. Aside from that, when people ask me what games have i played recently and what do i recommend, Warframe is one of them.
game-hours: 8.8
review: meh
game-hours: 14.5
review: EH
game-hours: 1.8
review: Decent combat, but feels a little floaty. The main issue is that it's all mission based. You are eithe rin a menu, or in a mission map. This makes the game very repetitive. Not bad, but the same thing over and over. If you are one of the people that can play an fps like CoD every game they release for hundreds of hours, this won't bother you. And it does have much better combat, but it gets very boring for people like me. I recommend it because it's free and not bad, but I got bored after 15hours or so.
game-hours: 37.2
review: Ninjas in space, what's not to like?
game-hours: 9.0
review: This is Future Ninja GamePlay.....Slash Everyone!!!
game-hours: 0.7
review: a good free to play game is you like 3rd person action although i recommend you play with friends and hey ITS FREE
game-hours: 3.3
review: This is a really great game to play with friends.
game-hours: 934.9
review: If you like fast paced games, then this should be right up your alley.
game-hours: 5.1
review: Love the game!
game-hours: 1905.3
review: Been playing since just after Open Beta started, love this game and just cant help but keep playing. Will say its rather weak in story right now but what F2P isnt? Very strong gameplay and just keeps getting better, so if you want a good CO-OP shooter I definitely recommend this game. If you have questions you can always ask me, Echoa is the in game name.
game-hours: 52.2
review: Space, ninjas, infection, co-op and free what else do I have to say.
game-hours: 14.3
review: Good graphics smooth gameplay gj
game-hours: 102.4
review: Best Game Ever Very addicting <3 "~
game-hours: 0.5
review: It doesn't look like I've played a lot, but I've put about 10 hours into it on PS4. Honestly, that's still not a lot when it comes to this game. Oh yes, there's a lot of content for Warframe. 10 hours will get you nowhere. It's pretty much just enough to make an educated impression. So what did I get out of it? Warframe is not for everyone. It wasn't for me, either. That doesn't mean it's bad, far from it. The game just absolutely hates showing the player why it's good. The basic mechanics give so much agency to the players, allowing them to bounce off walls and slide through packs of enemies, slashing and shooting the entire way. But it doesn't tell you how to pull off the most advanced moves or what's actually useful. The world map lets players fight through incredibly varied missions and locales throughout the solar system. But good luck getting there with the unintuitive and vague map. The F2P mechanics, while grindy, allow free players to fully use the incredibly deep crafting and loot system from the very start. But it doesn't explain how to use the alarmingly complex crafting system. When I say alarmingly complex, I mean that blueprints must be bought or found so you can grind the crafting materials so you can pay credits to craft the weapon so you can wait 24 hours to get your new, unleveled weapon. None of that is explained. Not even the part where some weapons and items need other weapons or items as crafting materials, which also require blueprints for crafting. To close, the bad outweighed the good for me, but it's free. Try it for yourself. You may just enjoy the third-person-loot-based-space -ninja-simulator genre.
game-hours: 165.4
review: WarFrame is sikk as fukk play it now!!! :D
game-hours: 132.8
review: Certainly one of the best F2P games out there. Despite a few bugs and glitches (which is what you would expect for a game that is still in open beta), the gameplay is unique, the graphics are fantastic, great-looking character and weapon models, well detailed maps, and it's fun to play whether you put money in to it or not.
game-hours: 3.2
review: Decent third person shooter/action game with impressive graphics for a free-to-play. Much more satisfying in short bursts than a long session though.
game-hours: 924.2
review: Magic space ninjas in skin-tight outfits. With guns. GOTY.
game-hours: 15.0
review: LET ME SEE YOUR WARFRAME! OK ew gross nevermind put it away
game-hours: 60.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 0.7
review: good game
game-hours: 803.2
review: While the grind for the highest end equipment can feel offputting the smooth gameplay is readily available from the get-go and constant updates gives plenty to do if you just want to have fun.
game-hours: 233.2
review: Very fun coop experience
game-hours: 4.5
review: Graphics, combat and the whole conception is really good for a free to play game.
game-hours: 33.1
review: Where do I begin. This is honestly one of the best f2p games out there right now. It's a really great sci-fi thrid-person-shooter mmo/dungeon crawler, and I honestly find it fun. I'll split this review into a few sections to help you decision making. System Requirments: I can play this on integrated graphics and a fairly high end processor on medium settings with 60-80 fps.The levels are really beautiful, too. Honestly you don't need to worry about this aspect. Gamplay: The game is really really fun to play - especiallyt with the awesome melee mechanic. You have a primary, secondary, and melee weapon (which, as I said earlier, is tons of fun to just swing around) and you have the abilities of your Warframe (sort of like the class you play as). There are maybe 20-ish Warframes in the game. It isn't hard to get one, though I've put quite some time into the game and have only just got my first non-starter Warframe. You start with a choice of one from three warframes - and you can always get the starters you missed later on. The game isn't very pay2winsy too. Sure, you can get almost every weapon (and every cool one) without dropping a cent. Sure, it wil take a lot longer to craft/buy the blueprints and then get resources. But still it's worth it. And playing with your friends makes this 100x better. Overall, if you don't have this yet, I'd really encourage you to get it.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Great game,need more maps and less ''procedual generation''
game-hours: 31.0
review: its like assassins creed but in the future
game-hours: 11.6
review: Warframe is the best 3rd person game i've ever played.
game-hours: 476.2
review: Online reviews give it a mediocre score, but they are reviewing an older build of the game. The game isn't finished, and the developers are doing a fantastic job keeping this game updated. For a free to play game, it's increibly well done. Heaps of fun to play with a group of buddies. I'm very excited to see where this game goes in the coming months.
game-hours: 11.7
review: You're a damn ninja. 10/1 would ninja again
game-hours: 62.6
review: An Excellent Game.BUT there alot of bugs tho its just minor the only time i get annoyed is me falling down the world
game-hours: 154.1
review: this is a good game try it out
game-hours: 530.8
review: Freaking space ninjas. Game keeps on improving. Get some friends, play for free, have fun.
game-hours: 126.4
review: its fantastic but is expensive to buy anthore Tenno/Warframe
game-hours: 8.0
review: Its a AWESOME game and everyone should at least try it out maybe you will like it!
game-hours: 407.5
review: It was fun while it lasted
game-hours: 8.6
review: This game is more fun and polished than it has any buisness being.
game-hours: 62.3
review: more gore nuf said
game-hours: 137.7
review: Very addictive. Great Action. Maybe one of the cons people would complain about is the time consuming grinding for gear and such. Other than that, game is really fun.
game-hours: 7.8
review: cool game
game-hours: 32.3
review: its a fine game, everyone could play it cause it hawe good meele combat system and many guns
game-hours: 28.4
review: Space ninjas. What more could you ask for?
game-hours: 142.6
review: Warframe is an amazing free to play game. The mechanics are very simple and once you learn how to manipulate your characters momentum and parkour-esk abilities the game really takes full swing. Crafting new suits and weapons is very addicting and slaying armies to find/earn those rare items is very rewarding. I will say that sometimes after rigorous play the game gets repetitive considering a large majority of the maps are re-used and the enemies never make drastic change. But overall i love this game and always return to it after i become tired of it (which i do with all games as a only casual gamer).
game-hours: 575.9
review: WARFRAME is a awesome game customizacion weapons and warframes pvp batlles is the free to play one for me
game-hours: 13.4
review: help im having a huge problem! i messed around with teh video quality its was 68x but i clikced for another and the screen whent black and whenever i try to play it just a black screen! please i love this game
game-hours: 20.3
review: A fair warning.Minimum Requirements are higher than listed.Played it on a machine with these speks and it overclocked.
game-hours: 9.2
review: amazing graphics best shooter?action i have played in a long time!
game-hours: 6.0
review: I really like the game, but I couldnt find the stupid cake.
game-hours: 299.3
review: Fun and sometimes challenging, and great graphic
game-hours: 81.3
review: Ninjas. If that were not enough - in space. NINJAS IN SPACE! Get it.
game-hours: 268.6
review: Excellent graphics, smooth gameplay and unique charactors make this game fun to play. It can lag if you have a cheaper computer (like me) but turning the graphics quality down makes it better. I have had some bugs that made it difficult to play, but the Warframe support team always comes up with a solution within 24 hours. This game is awesome. I'd say better than call of duty by a long shot!
game-hours: 54.9
review: I would recommend warframe to anyone who likes MMO's or Hack'n'Slashes
game-hours: 0.2
review: i like the game but you have to make a acount not cool i have 20 friends who have a same problem pleas just lets us play by just clicking on the game
game-hours: 442.9
review: Ninjas, grinding, swords, grinding, guns, and more grinding. Somehow still fun.
game-hours: 16.8
review: what could possibly be better then super swag magic parkour alien space ninjas with shooty booty guns 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 11.6
review: This is the best ing pc game ever
game-hours: 347.4
review: yes
game-hours: 29.2
review: Fun on PC and PS4!!!!! awesome game, so much stuff to do!
game-hours: 18.2
review: :))
game-hours: 7.3
review: This is an amazing game! I would rate this game a 9/10 for being so cool! :).
game-hours: 292.3
review: sign is as flappy sign in as Wyrmius enjoy
game-hours: 27.4
review: So worth it!!!
game-hours: 518.2
review: Great game its half pay to win but all items that cost platnium (exept color palletes) can be crafted (takes ages to get those but who cares its fun while your doing it!) I recommend it and its free!
game-hours: 55.4
review: CAN'T FLIM-FLAM THESE WARFRAMS.
game-hours: 260.9
review: fun game with alot of different play styles
game-hours: 516.3
review: YEA!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 232.2
review: YEA !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 25.4
review: Very fine.
game-hours: 507.1
review: Interesting game if you have a passion for sci fi games but even without the passion for this kind of stuff i still belive it's an excellent game and i will definitely recomand it to anyone that wants to have fun with friends or alone.
game-hours: 5.3
review: Great game, beautiful graphics.
game-hours: 28.6
review: BEST GAME ON STEAM
game-hours: 3.3
review: Dis geam ees gud
game-hours: 1.5
review: i like the vibe game play and control, but i hate that i can't play this on my mac.
game-hours: 11.4
review: i love this game i played it even on my old cunputer its a realy fun game you guys sould get it :D
game-hours: 50.0
review: If you can handle the graphics, this game looks and feels amazing. the mechanics is well detailed and the trading system is great.
game-hours: 6.8
review: one word, awsesome.
game-hours: 15.4
review: kinda like it abit hard though
game-hours: 140.7
review: Great game - fun action, flexible builds, lots of weapons and warframes to choose from and customize. Easy to get into missions and co-op is a nice change to typical FPS multiplayer. Bit grindy for some higher end modifications but overall minor complaint. Devs also work hard to get useful upgrades on regular basis which is refreshing.
game-hours: 722.2
review: This game is excellent for too many reasons. DE is responsive and takes tons of player feedback when creating new content and it is absolutely wonderful. They recently incorporated tons of player designed weapons, however going beyond that the game itself is already amazing and only getting better and better. I have been playing for almost two years and am still not bored. there is always more that you can do in Warframe. Besides even if PvE isn't for you the PvP is excellent and extremely challenging.
game-hours: 3.1
review: Nice free to play co-op game.
game-hours: 31.4
review: This game has great graphics and awesome game all around. 10/10
game-hours: 2790.3
review: Space Ninjas... that is all you need to know. Not really, there is a variety of warframes and weapons that can be boosted by a multitude of mods to fit your own play style. For a free to play game still in beta, it's really fun and you should definitely give it a try.
game-hours: 311.3
review: Robot ninjas. ing ROBOT NINJAS.
game-hours: 121.4
review: Eet good. Mak mee hawd!!!!!!1!1!11!
game-hours: 7.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 656.3
review: Best F2P Game out there. Great graphics and really fun to play. People say its just a farming simulater but i personally dont think it is.
game-hours: 527.8
review: Really awesome and fun game, I can't believe something free-to-play is this good, graphics are awesome and game concept is really really good. Give this game a try and you won't regret it!
game-hours: 27.5
review: .       . It is good game
game-hours: 379.6
review: Warframe is by far my favorite game i recommand this game to any Gamer that enjoys fast action and an insane lvling system .
game-hours: 246.1
review: Yes this is a must have plus its FREE but if you play by yourself it can be boring so play in a full party(4 people)
game-hours: 164.4
review: BEST GAME eEVEr
game-hours: 67.9
review: nice
game-hours: 100.6
review: its a must play, you have no choice in this matter,
game-hours: 231.8
review: What's not to like about this game, Space Ninjas fighting Clones, Robot Merchants and Zombies! While in space! The sheer amount of enjoyment you get while killing any of the three factions mentioned above is unexplainable, more so when you hear them scream while dying. Though it is a Free to Play game, it is very well developed, and has constant Updates with better weapons, frames and things to do! And I can't forget to mention that there's giant space dogs that can be your companion, that's great too. The community is great, the game is great and it's clearly only going to get better. Download this game if you haven't already, you'll be in for hell of an adventure!
game-hours: 172.0
review: BY GOD. MORE THAN A YEAR STRONG AND THIS GAME NEVER FAILS TO IMPRESS ME.10/10.
game-hours: 494.6
review: Excellent game, many hours have been put into this game, and intend to play many more hours more on top of them as the game progresses and gets much better.
game-hours: 9.0
review: SPACE NINJAS!!!
game-hours: 225.0
review: YES. A THOUSAND TIMES YES.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Defintely the best game I have played on PC and is even up in the top 10 for my playstation. The best part is, well there isn't yet because it is in beta. It is going to be one hell of a full release.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Good game, ish.
game-hours: 500.3
review: Good game if you want to waste time or want to experience something different, too much grinding to my liking, no real endgame "all you do is more grinding for levels gear and mods" there is defensive mode and survival but that gets old fast. Need some epic bosses/ raids. That been said this game is a very enjoyable shooter mmorpg with the ability to change warframes/ weapons for new style of gameplay.
game-hours: 188.3
review: Great game, constantly updated with new content. Gives increasing difficulty to keep it from getting boring. But loses its playablity over time as most o the things in the game are repeated.
game-hours: 31.6
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 98.0
review: A very good F2P game that actually can be played for free! You will have to grind it though, but it can be done. Cool things have to be bought but there are alerts in-game that can get you blueprints to own those sexy goods. Latest update polished a lot of things and made the experience even better. I strongly recommend to try Dark Sector too, as this game is heavily inspired on it. So give Warframe a try... What can you lose if IT'S FREE!
game-hours: 328.7
review: Have you ever been asked "What's cooler, pirates or ninjas?" Which answer did you pick? Well you're wrong. The answer is actually secret answer number 3, "Magical cyborg ninjas in space". After playing the game for about a month i'd say i have a reasonable amount of knowledge for a review. It's worth noting however that THIS GAME IS IN BETA, though a very polished beta. I've seen a lot of people complaining that all levels look the same, well that's because it's in Beta. The devs are slowly releasing new tilesets for each planet, but for now you have to deal with Venus being snowy and Mars not being red. I think it's a bit ridiculous that sites such have Gamespot have given negative criticism towards the game because of the fact it's all similar. It's stil in beta ffs. But i digress. Is the game a grind? Yes. The main objective is really grinding to unlock weapons and new Warframes (that's characters) and level up your mastery (that's your, uhh...well, level). It's an incredibly fun grind though, the gameplay is slick and intense and all the weapons and Warframes are so different to one another you feel a great sense of discovery when you try a new one. Another thing that eases the grind is the great amount of character customisation. It's so incredibly in depth that you'll be experimenting endlessly with different perks (or mods as they're called). I won't go into how the modding system works, the games free so why not find out for yourself. Microtransactions aren't at all necessary unless you want to customise your characters looks. I'd say if you find a Warframe that you really like and use a lot then why not spend a few quid making him look like a badass. The game deserves your money.
game-hours: 19.9
review: good game i saw the new update legit :P
game-hours: 23.8
review: Space Ninja! Great game, gets repetitive, and some of the items grind take forever. This game also has little to no stealth. There is no sneaking around with these ninjas, but do not let this get you down. The game looks amazing, plays awesome, and is a great game if you are looking for something to play COOP. I give this game an 8/10
game-hours: 5.9
review: it sucks. Just kidding, it's awesome. LATEX-CYBORGS IN SPACE WOWZA
game-hours: 177.2
review: The game allows for lots of custmizations and is very intuitive with motion, graphics, and combat. It's a definite reccomendation from me.
game-hours: 172.8
review: Extremely fast-paced action,intense firepower,visceral hits and tons-of-damage dishout...if you are looking for those things,then only this game can provide.
game-hours: 183.6
review: Probably the best 3rd person shooter i've played
game-hours: 75.1
review: War Frame hase some of the best graphics I've ever seen in a pc game(even tho pc games have the best graphics possible). i love playing it there are some lag issues just cuz i have a windows 8 laptop but it i can deal with that. i recommend it to anyone that likes 3rd person space ninja, shooting, sword fighting, all around fun and fast paced games. it has a good market system but i do have to say that it is mostly pay to win but if you know what your doin you wont have to put a single dollar into this amasing game. the crafting take a bit long and is kindo of a pain but it's woth it in the end. one last time i recommend this game to anyone over the age of 13 but i realy dont care who plays as long as there not an .
game-hours: 115.3
review: Even with my sluggish internet, I am able to play Warframe with next to no lag and still enjoy the breathtaking sceneries in distant planets and the dark corridors on enemy spaceships. No other game can cause such an emotion like this.
game-hours: 40.3
review: Pretty great free to play game only I'd say hurt by how much grinding you need to proceed unless you buy the in-game currency. Really interesting gameplay mechanics make what would be a mediocre shooter deep and engaging. Not only does every weapon feel different, you have different Warframes(armor), each having a unique ability such as fire and magnetism. You even customize yours differently with different cards or "mods" enemies drop on the map or getting on missions. You can make a heavy hitting swordsman or super quick thunder user. The art direction was weird at first, but once used to it the graphics and style are pretty fitting for the game. Gameplay is that of a fast paced third person shooter, but with abilities such as fire, wall running, swords, basically anything that makes a ninja bad . On the plus is 4 players can be on a mission so playing with a buddy is pretty fun. You can solo this game if you want, but its definitely reccomended with other people as the later mission can get difficult. Over all I would for sure reccomend this game to some buddies. It's FREE so TRY IT!
game-hours: 1015.1
review: THIS...GAME...IS...AWESOME....like rlly what else would you want to do all day except running around killing infested or corpus jumping off walls, running on walls, ninja sliding (my fav) or even doing melee attacks from the walls DL IT NOW AND ADD MEH PLZ T^T I IS LONELY XP
game-hours: 19.5
review: The best space game I ever played. Great graphics, runs smoothly, AND FREE!
game-hours: 77.9
review: Good: Shoot gun, wall run, stabby fun Bad: Pay2Win, Real-time day-long waits to build things
game-hours: 101.7
review: NINJAS IN SPAAAYYYYYCE
game-hours: 214.7
review: the game if very good, Emmersive, very fun and alot of fun i love it and would recommend it to alot of people
game-hours: 23.2
review: Warframe is by far one of the best fre to play games I have ever invested my time or money into. The movement sytstem, as well as the flat out fun gameplay, makes it enjoyable to play. I would certainly recommend this to any friend who wanted to kill a few hours on a game.
game-hours: 6.4
review: Amazing game. like it
game-hours: 5.4
review: Like... Playing a Multiplayer Mass Effect... With ninjas! Yeah... Definatly with ninjas! Seriously, Its suprisingly good for a Free-to-Play. I highly reccoment.
game-hours: 9.3
review: great game
game-hours: 18.6
review: Dont trust the critics and the metascore this game is awesome as heck! You will need a decent rig to play it though. Most addictive game in a while!
game-hours: 95.6
review: not the best third person game out there but is fun for a while
game-hours: 91.3
review: very awesome game. with cool graphics and friendly ui.
game-hours: 23.3
review: Great game am still having lots of fun in it community is great overall 20/10 Worth downloading.
game-hours: 78.1
review: It's got a bit of a borked payment system, but it in no way breaks the game, if anything it encourages playing over paying, which is good. The gameplay is solid, and really makes you feel like you're a high tech space ninja. What it really boils down to is; it's free to play, so you don't lose anything by trying it. That being said, these developers deserve every penny they get.
game-hours: 17.5
review: This game is just amazing i've never seen anything like this game Its probably one of the best free to play games besides planetside 2. If you want a co-op game like metal gear solid revengence this is the one.With action packed gameplay with swords and guns and powers it just blew my mind with amazing graphics 4 different charcters with different abilities and weapons.It has an awesome storyline that you must get! I really recommend this game to you guys.
game-hours: 2616.2
review: Hooked.
game-hours: 276.0
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 162.2
review: This game is fun. Play it, nerd.
game-hours: 7.6
review: Warframe is a very good game. I've been addicted to it and been all nighting it. Its awesome and free definite download Everybody should download it the frame rate is excellent on my 800 dollar computer :).
game-hours: 234.0
review: pretty op brobyes
game-hours: 1.7
review: You shoot aliens who are bad...and break stuff to get other stuff...and you can do a barrel roll. 5 stars
game-hours: 222.5
review: Is rly gud.
game-hours: 17.7
review: this game is fun for a free game
game-hours: 130.8
review: you really should play this game!!!! It is really awesome....
game-hours: 25.5
review: dont play unless your willing to pay...
game-hours: 13.4
review: Very nice graphics. Gameplay is very fast paced and has a small but exciting variety of "classes" that you can choose from, and the range of Warframes you can choose to build is quite big, but nothing compared to the amount of weapons. Very exciting!!
game-hours: 334.3
review: Amazing gameplay and amazing graphics. The first game I play where the trailer is just like the gameplay
game-hours: 20.4
review: You can run on walls! Nuff said.
game-hours: 124.2
review: Is rlly good
game-hours: 36.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 1508.1
review: if you havent played this game yet, stop what youre doing and download it now ._.
game-hours: 723.3
review: BADASS
game-hours: 5.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 662.2
review: This game was really good. This game was especially when it first came out. I'm still very concerned about this new layout for the ones with slow computers like mine, but as long as you turn off mostly anything on options, it's still the great game it use to be! I'm a big trader on this game. There hasn't been any problems besides immature behavior, so good luck to all of you!
game-hours: 207.8
review: Cool game and totally worth playing
game-hours: 2.0
review: awesome game pretty good graphics and really fun to play
game-hours: 15.7
review: Really great, love the gameplay and everything i love in a game. Would 100% recommend it to a friend
game-hours: 11.9
review: I like this game the only downside i see is that you can get blur when shiftting screens.
game-hours: 6.5
review: IT'S A KEWL GAME :D i cant stop playing it
game-hours: 526.8
review: i play evry second i can i love u nekros
game-hours: 13.5
review: This is an amazing game with a good story to back up good game play.
game-hours: 1.8
review: Reviewed for badge.
game-hours: 2.0
review: awesome game :)
game-hours: 51.8
review: Awsome game
game-hours: 101.6
review: This is a nice game. easy to gain xp. becomes harder the higher lvl u are. you can do everything that is in this trailer.
game-hours: 251.6
review: I as gamer, persinly think this is a grate free to play game. It deservers credit for its grate detail
game-hours: 116.2
review: Good game.
game-hours: 526.9
review: It's still in beta but I AM LOVING IT. You are essentially a space ninja. You can do space ninja things. There are a bunch of abilities. Crafting. It's great. Try it out. It's free.
game-hours: 760.7
review: This is a great Game which eatten up alot of hour playing this game. We Can't Stop!! And if you haven't play Warframe you are doing life wrong!!!
game-hours: 190.5
review: Very unique visual style - fast paced run/gun/slash em up all in coop? Yes please!
game-hours: 8.0
review: its really kawaii-desu
game-hours: 0.7
review: I like it, but I dont have Steam Overlay for some reason... and that is a critical element in my opinion
game-hours: 201.8
review: All the fun of running through hordes of enemies and chopping them to literal bits, while having card-collecting system to fill your cravings of being a unique snowflake. You'll have a ball when you're splitting alien bodies vertically with your electrified, burning, somehow ice-encased fists, sword, staff, bow or even a boomerang, mate! It's free to play, but if you're playing with friends who've put a few bucks in while you're still in the dirt farming potatoes, you'll notice (especially in the beginning) a big difference in power. While pretty much every weapon, excluding starters, in the game is viable, there is a one-time permanant upgrade system involving potatoes; each weapon can be upgraded to double its kickass capacity. You can craft potatoes, though they require a somewhat rare blueprint that is consumed each time you make one. So you'd probably be lucky to make a few potatoes a week. You can also buy them for 20 plat, you start with 50 and can buy more. In the long run, it isn't worth it to buy potatoes, you'll /eventually/ have more than enough from just playing. It's totally worth it to put in a few bucks so you can buy some potatoes, but on the flipside, if you just buy every weapon and warframe you want, you won't have any goals. There aren't a ton of things in the shop I'm actually compelled to buy, since I'd rather work toward and earn it in-game! Something's wrong. I didn't mean to write such a long review. It's the :Grineer:
